# User ID: 1169e5907205bbac9c0449d4038060f8

They're arguably the funniest yet — snide, self-aware, and more _stand-up comic_ than _literary judge_. Their takedowns have rhythm, structure, and comedic timing, even when they're genuinely annoyed.

Average Rating: 2.00 (StdDev: 0.79)

Reviews: 29

  

Rating Distribution:

★☆☆☆☆: 8 reviews

★★☆☆☆: 14 reviews

★★★☆☆: 6 reviews

★★★★☆: 1 reviews

★★★★★: 0 reviews

  

Top Genre: to-read

Average Review Length: 2026 characters

Review Period: 2015-01-17 - 2015-07-11

  

Recent Reviews:

  

--- 1. Angelfall (Penryn & the End of Days, #1) (★★★☆☆) ---

Rated 3/5 on 2015-07-11

I think it's time I change my Angelfall rating to a 2,5 stars. At first I had given it a higher one because I had read it in Spanish and it wasn't the book's fault that the translation sucked but, the more I think about it the more I realized I got carried by the hype. If I'm being honest this was a decent book, entertaining and all but that is it. There were times when the charcters motivations didn't make sense and I felt as if they did what they ahd to do to move the plot along, which was way too forced for my liking. Had it not been for the amazing reviews it had, I would have dropped it at 50% and, considering what happened in the second book and probably the third, that might have been the wisest choice.

  

--- 2. The Iron King (The Iron Fey, #1) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2015-06-05

Buddy read with Natalia! Review to come, but until then, enjoy my alternate ending:

  

--- 3. Tiger's Curse (The Tiger Saga, #1) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2015-05-31

My first buddy read! And with Sibil :D I had heard about this book for quite sometime, but never got around to read it (or read its goodreads reviews) that was, of course until a few days ago. So, considering how this is my first buddy read and I have never written a review for one before, I'll just write whatever comes to my mind, regardless of sense, logic or grammar as usual So here I go: This was a extremely ridiculous book. There is no other way to say it, really. It felt as if it had been written by a child, with long and unnecessary descriptions, no plot, cringe-worthy dialogue, cookie-cutter characters and a lot of offensive content. Here is a summary: Girl with no experience whatsoever is hired to take care of endangered species on a circus. Legal guardians think it's totally cool for the seventeen year old girl to go and live on a place with no social security, health inssurance and surrounded by strangers *insert angst about lost parents here and how hot guy will cure it*. She there meets a white tiger who is somehow bought as a pet, even though it's an endangered species, and for some reason the rich guy who bought it wants her to go with the tiger all around the world to... help him settle in? Why? How can she help? And if it's because the tiger got attached to her, what will happen when she goes back home? When she arrives she will only get to know the extremely rich part of India, completely negating the majority of the population and their problems. Somehow managing to walk around with a freaking white tiger without anybody giving a crap about it. But! turns out that the hand-licking tiger with "blue eyes that pierce into her soul" is a hot Indian prince that can somehow transform into a man wearing clothes that were in no way appropiate for his time, place, culture and social position, but that somehow coincide with American standards of beauty. After that we learn that the white, north american girl who has never given a shit about Indian culture, is somehow the savior of its people. *Stops to cry because this book is a best-seller* From this point onward we see an awkward (at best) insta-love between her and the prince. And we also witness how this somewhat capable young woman turns into a complete moron who can't do anything without a man by her side, but yet believing herself too plain and simple to deserve one. The investigation the author conducted about India is insultingly flimsy and merely consisted of info-dumps that were (sadly enough) the best parts of the book. It would go like this: "Wow, this sweet orange juice is really sweet and refreshing." I said as I savored the sticky sweetness off My glass. It wasn't as good as lemon merengue pie, my favorite, but it was close enough. "Well," Ren said exposing his perfectly white teeths in a sunburning smile. "The orange (specifically, the sweet orange) is the fruit of the citrus species Citrus x sinensis in the family Rutaceae. The fruit of the Citrus x sinensis is considered a sweet orange, whereas the fruit of the Citrus x aurantium is considered a bitter orange." "Oh goodie!" He knows so much, and he is so hot. I blush at my own thoughts. Not recommended at all.

  

--- 4. World After (Penryn & the End of Days, #2) (★★★☆☆) ---

Rated 3/5 on 2015-04-18

I received this ARC in exchange for an honest review via NetGalley Honestly... This was a dissapointing read. I was really excited when I was approved to read World After. Angelfall had been a fun and fluffy book, and considering the cliffhanger it ended I couldn't wait to see how it carried on. The book starts with Penryn as she starts to regain control of her body again. Everybody is understandably freaked out and that mistrust of her and her "monster" sister continues for some time after the resistance arrives at a safe place. However, after a bunch of half men/scorpion attack the camp and Paige escapes after the humans try to kill her for attacking a guy that was going to rape Penryn, our MC sets off to find Paige and possibly even Raffe who is out looking for Beliel and his wings. Now, it wasn't a terrible book. It kept me hooked in an entertaining read, and just like in Angelfall, the author does a good job of creating a compelling story and world. The problem was, not much really happens here. At around 70% Raffe finally appears, and then it's like everything happens really, really fast. It was a shock and not exactly a good one, it felt as if the author realized she had to end this book and leave time for the sequel so she just sped things up. Another problem that I got was that Penryn was kind of annoying. Her line of thought and ideas were ridiculous at times and I found myself rolling my eyes and kind of wanting to smack some sense into her. Raffe was ok, we just barely saw him and he didn't add or did much for the plot. The end... Sigh, it was ridiculous. The sword intimidated all the other swords so much that they refused to fight? When she was being used by a human? Really? And Paige being a sort of batman was ridiculous too. Did she always now that or how the hell did she learn she could do that? i'll wait until End of Days to make up my minds, but I gotta say I was really dissapointed.

  

--- 5. Red Queen (Red Queen, #1) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2015-04-17

This book is so stupid. This book was painfully predictable, and it was a shame because Red Queen was well praised for being original and unpredictable. I thought I would love it, or at the very least not hate it with a blinding passion. The premise is like a mix of different YA dystopian novels in one poorly executed book. Our Heroine is Mare Barrow living in a world were class differences are settled by blood; Reds are commoners, they have red blood and are oppressed by Silvers, people with God-like powers who are rich, stiff and colds, because why give depth to your characters when they can be plainly evil just for having money? Mare is obviously a Red, who pickpockets people to feed her family. When she turns eighteen she'll be sent to war like all reds without a job, unlike her sister Prim who is prettier, and better and has a job embroidering that will sustain the family once the others return from the battlefield. But when her best friend is going to be sent to fight, Mare convinces her sister to take her where she works so she can steal from Silvers and pay someone to take her and Kilorn far away without considering the punishment her family might receive if she becomes a deserter. However, when that fails and her sister hand is broken for stealing, ruining her life and her entire family's, Mare will meet the crown prince as he acts as a commoner. When she tells him her life story, (because the plot required her to her poor judgment believes it's a good idea to tell that to a stranger), the Prince thinks it's smart to give a thief and deserter access to the palace and it's many priceless, stoleable stuff, and so he gets her a job there. But when she somehow happens to know exactly how to do a work she was never trained for, an accident happens that shows Mare is a Red with Silver powers. If people discover that Red might have powers too, the balance of power could shift in their favor and so Royal family is hell bent in keeping it a secret, but ecause that happened in front of too many people, the King can't kill her, so instead he says she is a lost silver who never knew her heritage, even though that would imply Mare never bleed in her entire life, or blushed, or scratched or had a bruise or had her period (Remember silver blood). And he also engages her with his younger son, Maven because we needed the love triangle between two brothers. So Mare most survive and army of mean girls, messy hormones and her own stupidity. Mare was one of the worst aspects. At first she appears as a simple girl in a family of many who didn't have skills to set herself apart from the rest. She pickpockets to give her family money, but they of course are against it, which is understandable but also hurtful; Mare believes the only good thing she can do to help is that because she doesn't have a talent like her sister does, and although she knows what she's doing is wrong, it still hurts her that her family denies her contributions, which is also understandable. I didn't like Mare because she was a coward who never took responsibilities for her own actions. Because she talked about killing people as "a trade she was willing to make" and was taking these people's lives away and making it about herself. I disliked her because her reasons for starting a revolution were all wrong. She was a hypocrite, being disgusted at silvers for killing when she was killing people herself, everything wrong they did was despicable, everything wrong she did was for a greater cause. She trusted people with vital information even though she barely knew them. Oh c'mon, you didn't think it was a little tiny bit suspicious that Maven wanted to join the Red Guard? Even though that gave him priceless information about the attacks? The fact that this thought never crosses her mind is a proof that the writer has no idea of how to create an engaging plot, and so she just ignores logic in order to create shock. She couldn't make up her mind for ten seconds (not even when she was deciding who lived and who died!). She betrays people, uses them and never owns up to her wrongs. Even though Mare could have used her wits to befriend people, get some sort of allies in a place where everybody is watching her closely and could kill her and her family at any minute, she treats them like crap, and then acts all angry when they don't want to help her even though she's asking them to commit suicide. The fact that she thought Cal would betray his father and his country to give the throne to a bunch of untrained terrorist just because she asked him too was so fucking funny. The fact that the Scarlet guard still went through with it was fucking enfuriating. snaps at them and looks down on them because of their blood never realizing she is doing the same thing she hates Silvers for so much. It was so weird and annoying how she couldn't make up her mind about anything. One second she wishes someone dies and that they are worthless rats and the next she's worried she hurt their feelings. It was borderline bipolar. But the worst thing, the worst of all is that she never grows as a character. I could have dealt with all of that if Mare had grown, if she had realized that what she did was wrong, but she never did. In all that time, after the betrayals, the lies and twists Mare keeps making the same mistakes. I was not a fan of the writing style, it was a tell and not show kind which killed any excitement the book could offer. It also had some weird things like: How they can stand it, I don't know. What that might be, I don't know. He says it measures electrical energy, but how I don't know. Where he's leading now, I don't know. What they could possibly be, I don't know. How she can watch her friends bleeding on the floor, I don't know. And why this frightens me, I don't know. Why I care, I can't say. The voice pleads, but for what, I don't know. "There were more ahead, but they got to the river. How many, I don't know." But because he hurt Farley, or because he couldn't make her talk, I don't know. What this means, I don't know. What I feel, I can't begin to understand. How anyone can misplace an executed man, I don't know. How Will came to be here, traveling all the way from the Stilts, I don't know. Where he leads, I don't know. The world building was really poor. Mare lived in The Stilts, silvers with plant powers were Greenies, Silvers with telekinesis were Telkies, they spoke the Common Tongue, an industrial city was Gray Town. It was so dumb. Silvers are portrayed as cunning and evil but they never make much about it, and I can't understand how when there are Silvers who can control thoughts, the King is a fucking firebender. No offense to Zuko, but how was firebending more powerful than controlling minds? Hint, it wasn't. Anybody could have taken that throne if they wanted but fuck logic. Also,Are we suppossed to be surprised that the evil Queen who can control people made the former Queen kill herself? No, but it was so stupid that the King didn't believe it Out of his own free will. He knew Elara to be a horrible person, but it never crossed his mind that she killed the love of his life? Another spoily thing, how could Mare be so dumb as to believe her shutting off the cameras wouldn't get her caught? Wasn't it too much of a coincidence that the cameras went off right before some shit happened? And when she's the only one who can control electricity, wouldn't people have suspected of her? They did! And the fucking Queen had to cover that shit up! The book held no surprises at all, and all I could do was laugh at the stupidity of all of it. Red Queen is not worth the hype, and it's certainly not worth your time.

  

--- 6. The Fault in Our Stars (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2015-04-09

So, I finally got down to read the critically acclaimed (And with a totally spoiled ending by people on Goodreads) book about two cancer patients who find love. Unfortunately it was not as good to me as it seems to be for the rest of the world. I got to say, I really liked the first few pages. I enjoyed how with a few words John Green managed to create the life of a teenager, I felt as if this girl was real instead of a work of fiction. I really liked Hazel and her thoughts on the beginning about the cancer group, her parents and life in general. Sometimes she would have these sarcastic comments that I could see myself thinking and that made me laugh. However, I had a problem with this: "A nonhot boy stares at you relentlessly and it is, at best, awkward and, at worst, a form of assault. But a hot boy . well." But, well no character is ever going to be perfect, right? So I kept on reading. Then Augustus showed up, and I think that was when things started to go downhill for me. If I have to be honest, I found Augustus to be a rather bland, and kind of a snob character. He seemed to be nice, sociable and all but he just had this air of condescendence that truly annoyed me. It got worse as the plot moved along and Hazel got to know him better. It was so weird, because I never felt that chemistry between them, their relationship seemed forced and it was as if I was being told what I should feel instead of figuring that out by myself. This is a feeling that accompanied me throughout the rest of the book, that I was being told how I should feel and think about everything. The dialogues were awkward, why did they talked like a textbook, who does that? But maybe it was just me? I don't know, everybody loves this book. Nevertheless, my annoyance grew and it came to a point when I just didn't care about anything (except maybe her parents and Isaac). It became all too boring and I just wished it ended already so I could read something else. Another thing I found strange was that, for a book about cancer and the struggles and beauties of life I was hardly moved. Sure, there were emotional moments I could connect with but that was just because I imagined that situation in real life, because the book hardly put any thought to it, it was as if those moments meant nothing here. There was a time when Isaac talked about how his girlfriend, the one who had promised to be there with him forever, had broken up with him because he was about to have a surgery that would leave him blind and it was easier to dump him then than after. This was horrible and real, and Isaac started having an emotional breakdown screaming and kicking, and Hazel and Gus don't give a fuck! Seriously, as Isaac starts breaking Gus' trophies Hazel and Gus just talk as if nothing is even happening. I just sat there thinking "Do something! Your friend is suffering, for the love of God CARE ABOUT HIM!" but no. A rather boring book, maybe it was because I knew the ending? Who knows, next time I'll try Paper Towns a few people have told me it's good.

  

--- 7. Throne of Glass (Throne of Glass, #1) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2015-04-03

If you have been in Tumblr and stalk follow book-related blogs, it's virtually impossible you haven't heard about the "Throne of Glass" series featuring the deadliest assassin, Celaena Sardotien in her multiple adventures in the kingdom of Erilea. So I read it. At first it was good, Celaena is confident (why wouldn't she, she's the greatest assassin!) and then this happens: "She loved clothes--loved the feeling of silk, of velvet, of satin, of suede and chiffon--and was fascinated by the grace of seams, the intricate perfection of an embossed surface. And when she won this ridiculous competition, when she was free ...she could buy all the clothes she wanted." This was the moment I said YES YES YES, I'M GOING TO LOVE THIS MOTHERFUCKING BOOK. THIS IS GOING TO BE AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!! You may wonder, "Good heavens Cami! Why did this simple passage managed to get you in such a state of mind?" And I will answer dear reader, that it doesn't take much for my state of mind to be altered, HOWEVER and most importantly because I'm sick and tired of "badass" female characters to be portrayed as "typically masculine" and by that I mean that a woman tends to be cool if she acts like boys do. Usually this implies hating everything "girly" or feminine, and mocking girls who do. It's the common "Not like other girls crap" complex, when a character thinks she's better because she doesn't like dresses and stuff. And that is why when I knew that Celaena liked "girly" things I thought I was going to love this book. However that did not happen, for several reasons. Here is the overall plot: The King of Erilea decided to vanish magic (for some unexplained reason) and so he started campaigns that began to destroy any magical knowledge as well as magical creatures. The people who held and practiced said magic, instead of fighting for survival, they simply died, vanished or gave up (for some unexplained reason). Years later the King decides he wants a champion, somebody to do all of his dirty work for him and be loyal to death, following his every command blindly. So he organizes a contest to find the greatest champion and (for some unexplained reason) every nobleman chooses a petty criminal to become that loyal champion. Dorian, the crown prince with daddy issues, chooses Celaena Sardotien, who is (for some unexplained reason) the best assassin in the entire kingdom at the tender age of 16 (that's when she was captured, now she's 18). However, when the competition begins the trails are (for some unexplained reason) really simple and easy, and would in no way help to determine who would be the most loyal thug. But wait! Suddenly the champions are starting to get killed, and it's up to Celaena not to give a single fuck because she's too busy sleeping, reading, complaining because the prince won't talk to her, whining because she-the deadliest assassin- is somehow denied attendance to georgeous parties she is too good for anyway, and labeling any female that is near Dorian as a dumb cunt. Now that the plot is settled, I'll get on with the characters: First, Celaena Sardotien who is a major Mary Sue: Warrior!Sues: The Warrior!Sue is usually loud, obnoxious and (of course) an amazing warrior. She'll usually have some tragic past that led her to become a warrior, and she'll upstage all of the Canonical characters with her mad Sueish powerz. Remember that confidence I loved so much? Turns out it wasn't confidence but rather delusional thinking, for there is no logical way that Celaena is the best assassin in the kingdom. She's completely undisciplined, so much so that despite the fact that she spent the last year in a salt mine, where she was regularly beaten, starved (her period stopped coming, that doesn't happen when you skip a few meals!) and worked to death, Celaena doesn't want to train because- And get ready for this since you'll hear it repeated over and over again.- She is the best assassin in Erilea! Even though she could barely stand when they left the mines. It had been three days since the first Test, ten since her arrival in Rifthold, and she was still horribly out of shape. And yet, whenever Chaol, the guard set to keep her from escaping and killing people, wanted her to train she would cry out and complain because he was annoying her. She groaned and slumped back onto her bed. "Don't you ever sleep?" she grumbled, pulling the covers over herself. " 'Wake up.' Not surprisingly, it was Chaol.- "It's cold," she moaned, holding her knees to her body." Everytime Chaol wants her to train, she'll complain. How can she have become the greatest assassin if she didn't have the discipline to train her way into it? If she had some kind of magical power I'd believe it, but Celaena started training when she was eight years old and by the age of sixteen she was already "The greatest assassin! ", how could this undisciplined child be better than people who have trained for decades? But no, Celaena is the best assassin even though we don't know why and she never kills. It's kind of like a title that she walks around with "I'm the greatest assassin! The greatest!" but we never see her thoughts about it; does she like it? Hate it? We don't know, it's the same as saying she's blonde, it does nothing for her. Another thing, Celaena is unintelligent. She would help her competitors improve their techniques, even though they were fighting against her. She even goes as far as to save another competitor's life, risking her own (How the hell did she not die BTW? She has several escape options and takes neither. This one time she found a small boat in the sewage, but she chooses against using it because she wants to gain her freedom "The honorable way", how the hell is being the King's thug and lap dog "The honorable way"? And then she says that if she gets tired she could always get the boat and leave, but it doesn't occur to her that the King would be more hell bent in finding her and kill her after she became his champion and knew all of his secrets, rather than when she was just a thin little girl. It never occurs to her that people may want to use her or manipulate her and she trust every one with a pretty face (unless they danced with the Prince, that is, then they are evil cunts.) In fact, we learn about Sam, her boyfriend that was killed when she was captured, and even though she misses him so much it hurts, she tells about him to Dorian, despite the fact that she talked to him three fucking times before. That's all it takes for Celaena to expose her greatest weaknesses, three talks. Their previous talk had been her complaining how the Prince only talked to her once, and that he did not cared about whether she liked books. The greatest proof of stupidity I have read in a while was when Celaena was in the middle of the competition and people were dropping dead like flies. She goes into her room, finds a candy on her pillow, takes it to her mouth AND FUCKING EATS IT. At some point I was afraid Celaena was some sort of lost fairy princess, I mean silver-like blonde hair? Strange eye color? Dead family? Looking for revenge? Destined for greatness? Magic burried deep in her blood? Thankfully I underestimated the author. I severely disliked Dorian, the crown prince. He confuses lust with love, believing to have an instant connection with Celaena even though he has talked to her three/four times. He also mocks her and completely underestimate her because she was a woman. Granted, in this world Celaena would have died a long time ago, but in this book she is the greatest assassin in the kingdom. She is feared and her rap sheet is long with hideous crimes, however, because she's a tiny girl with "enticing curves" he sees her as harmless, and even "cute" when she gets mad. If there is something I hate is when people think being mad is cute, especially if it's a guy mocking a girl. It's used as a way to minimize our anger, as if we have no real reason to be mad and it's less. I would like for Dorian to go to Cain, watch him loose his shit, and laugh and think Cain is cute. He is nothing but a pompous idiot who uses women and then ignores them, fuck you Dorian. Chaol was one of my favorites, the only one who had common sense for a while. It's a shame his only duties were to babysit Celaena and Dorian. Although he too, for whatever reason, forms part of this love triangle. Nehemia was Celaena's only female friend and the worst diplomate ever. She is the princess of another Kingdom that is resisting the attacks of Erilea, unwilling to become subjects. Nehemia is supposed to be there to find a peaceful agreement between both parties while at the same time it is rumored that she helps rebels escape the grasps of the evil kingdom. The only problem is that Nehemia does nothing to start negotiations, she complains and mocks the Queen, King and Prince, their kingdom and costumes, and rather spend her time with a low-rank lady (Celaena) rather disliked in court than actually being an embassador for her kingdom. Still, with all the cliches and problems this book had I was truly afraid she would be killed off; she's the only character of color in the book you see, and with her being Celaena's friend I thought she would become her "woman in refrigerator", which is when the death of a female character is used to cause development in a male character. In this case, and with Celaena's immaturity, I thought they would kill Nehemia off to make Celaena grow and develop. That didn't happen either, so cheers for that! Overall a disappointing read, the characters hardly ever seemed to look past their childish behavior and grow up. Celaena was simply, the worst of all.

  

--- 8. The Darkest Minds (The Darkest Minds, #1) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2015-04-03

Two and a half stars for The Darkest Minds. I don't think this is a terrible book, nothing made me scream in rage or particularly hated any characters. In fact the beginning and writing style were great, it was just a boring book. The Darkest Minds have basically no plot, girl is locked up when little with other kids with powers, escapes. Turns out good guys are not so good. Escapes again. Finds three kids and start a road trip with no real destination. Occasionally encounter some more bad guys, escape again. Etc. The main character, Ruby was good. We see how she deals since the age of ten to being locked up and mistreated. Having to deal with having a touch that deletes peoples memories is not easy, especially when you have accidentally made the people closest to you hate you (when they forget, they turn on her). The problem was that Ruby never comes to terms with her ability. I was hoping she would embrace it as a part of herself but she spends the entire book hating herself and thinking she is a monster, and I think we have had enough of female characters hating themselves for being powerful. I know I have. The rest of the characters were ok but nothing especial. Liam lacked personality and I did not care for what happened to him and Ruby. I think this was a big problem with the darkest minds, everything lacked substance. Evil people were evil, every single one of them and for no apparent reason. The government locked the kids up because they had powers but they had never used them for evil, there weren't problems with those kids living their lives until the government captured them. None of the guards feel sorry for the kids despite seeing the condition they live in and the fact that most of them are harmless. There was no world building or logic to it, and that put me off. Ok book.

  

--- 9. The Witch Hunter (The Witch Hunter, #1) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2015-04-01

I received a copy of this book via NetGalley in exchange for an honest review. Damn, I thought this book was going to be great, just look at that premise! And for the first chapters, it was. The writing was good, the characters were funny and all was going great, until things simply started to stretch out for no reason and everything became predictable and forced. Soon enough the characters lost all of their personality and stared blending together. The only way I can describe this is by imagining writing an essay; the beginning is good, you're excited and your words flow effortlessly through the paper. Eventually you'll get stuck, you are tired and uninspired, and you just want to finish it. In more than one occasion we were introduced to new characters that we were supposed to know, but had no idea who they were or why they mattered. As the story goes on, it focuses more on the forced love story rather than on what is going on. I had no idea how the magic thing worked (Were you born a witch or was it something you learned?) until almost half of the book. The love interest was ok, he was a good guy but he simply lacked a personality, he was the "good guy" with a tragic past, nothing else. Another thing that bothered me was the reason Elizabeth was accused of being a witch. Turns out the King had been forcing himself on her, sending a guard to fetch her almost every night. When she gets pregnant, Elizabeth goes to a witch to have an abortion. She says she couldn't stop him, but she could chose not carry his child. During the story I was hoping this was mentioned again, to show Elizabeth's reaction to finally being away from the King and the sequels to the abuse she had to suffer, but it was only mentioned once or twice and to prop up the love interest. Do I need to say how horrible that is? It took me forever to finish this, it was just too boring.

  

--- 10. Cruel Beauty (Cruel Beauty Universe, #1) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2015-03-24

This was surprisingly boring for me. I could understand Nyx Love/hate relationship with her family, after all she was raised knowing she would die because her father was an idiot and yet she had to masure her father and sister were ok with it. But with Shade and Ignifex it all goes to hell. First, she thinks she shouldn't trust them... but Shade kisses her! But maybe she was the one who kissed him?... She should stay away. Ignifex is cruel!... But he's kind of nice... No, no! Her mother, her sister, her people!... But he's kind of hot. He's mocking her!... They are having fun! She hates him!... Not really. He should die!... She saves his life. She shouldn't have saved his life! Sigh, see where I'm going with this? I just couldn't take Nyx seriously when I knew she would change her mind at the next second. What good were her speeches for? Oh, and also Nyx was suppossed to seduce the demon and kill him, and yet the only "seduction lessons" she got were advices from her aunt the night before her wedding and Nyx couldn't stop blushing. It was such a dumb plan, and the fate of their city depended on it. Doble sigh.

  

--- 11. The Witch of Painted Sorrows (Daughters of La Lune #1) (★★★☆☆) ---

Rated 3/5 on 2015-03-18

Though the story seems interesting at first, it soon drags on with weird and contrite plots. Decent enough book.

  

--- 12. Chimera (Weaver #1) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2015-03-18

If well the concept of Chimera was extremely interesting, the overall development of the story was poor. The author dedicates most of the novel to describing actions that are irrelevant to the plot; going to the bathroom, walking down long halls, tying up shoelaces, daydreaming. We spend so much time reading about those little actions that when something of importance happened it was swallowed by so much exposition. Reading about somebody's life, day after day is just too boring. Good concept, too much exposition.

  

--- 13. The Forest of Hands and Teeth (The Forest of Hands and Teeth, #1) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2015-03-09

So I read this book last year after looking for "Books with badass female characters" on Google. Really Google? Really? Ok I'll admit it was fun at first, as it is with must books you always have a few pages where everything is new and the posibilities are endless. This ended for me at around page 15 or so. Not that this was a terrible book, I was just too bored to care about anything. The main character lives in a village surrounded by zombies, for all they know they are the only humans left in the face of the Earth and they protect themselves with something that, I imagine, goes like this: This book was really hard for me to get into. The pace was fine but I felt as if nothing ever happened, there was no excitment or joy, just stuff happened and we saw them through the MC. Oh, the MC. Here are a few problems with her: -No discernible personality. -No likes/dislikes or hobbies besides complaining. -She complains about pretty much everything. -She gets angry at people for mistakes she makes and then keeps on complaining. -She blames everybody for anything remotely bad that happens to her, even the weather. -She has a best friend with no personality. She is of course, prettier than her and the MC hates her (why are they friends again?) -The love interests have no personality and no reason to be in love with anybody, really. -She has no interest in growing or learning which makes it all the more boring. -She obssess about a guy she loves and constantly betrays her best friend. -For a zombie book there are very few zombie scenes! Honestly I did not care to finish it.

  

--- 14. Hush, Hush (Hush, Hush, #1) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2015-03-09

After reading Hush Hush the best way to explain how it's like is that this book dd to angels the same thing that Twlight did to vampires. Just multiply the shitty factor by 10. I think Becca Fitzpatrick wanted to create a popular book so she took all of the ingredients from Twilight and gave them her own twist. 1.Angels instead of vampires. 2.Bland main character BUT with one friend and living with her mom (who's never at home) 3.An Asshole for a hero except that this one likes to humilliate the girl he "loves". 4.No coherent plot. Ding, ding, ding! You're done. God, I hated this book. I hated the MC that was so stupid and useless I'm surprised she has lived so long. I hated the hero as much as that guy from Meant to Be, he lived to make the MC miserable and took pleasure from it. I hated that every girl that did not agree with the MC used clothes that showed "too much skin" and wore too much make up and that made them evil whores who were so beneath the pure MC. I hated that everything was so predictable there was no surprise, no character development, everything stayed the same.

  

--- 15. Evernight (Evernight, #1) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2015-03-09

I read evernight back when I was fourteen years old and I really liked it... But at that age I loved Twilight and thought that their love was something to aspire to so, yeah.

  

--- 16. Matched (Matched, #1) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2015-03-09

Everything was going well for the first 10 pages or so until, even though I read and read, nothing really seemed to happen. I liked that the main character didn't seem to be "super especial" or jealous of other girls for on reason. She had friends and liked to be a part of the community, I liked that but it turned out nobody had a personality. Why everybody was so dull I don't know, maybe it's to show how people are like in a society were people accept what they are given? Dunno but it became boring\ridiculous\funny. It's a shame because I really wanted to know what was going on but the whole concept was developed rather poorly. Maybe I'll try again later.

  

--- 17. Foreplay (The Ivy Chronicles, #1) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2015-03-09

I was really excited to start this book, unlike in many other New Adult books this main character seemed different. She actually wanted to experiment with her sexuality, sure it was because of a guy... but, still, it gave me hope that it would be different. Sadly, Foreplay is your typical YA book filled with cliches and flat characters that have some quirks to make them "especial". Peper is you typical pale, tall and skinny girl that doesn't think she is attractive but, of course! Everybody else does. Seriously. It was funny, ok not really but she just couldn't make up her mind about anything. At first she was confident and smart but then she considered herself shy and simple minded. First she said she knew she was pretty but the second a guy told her so OMG what?? No, no way. Peper couldn't even think, let alone say out loud sexual organs and we got phrases like Down there... In between my thighs... Reece even told her "So you can touch it... but can't say it?" I was expecting a girl that, despite the fact that she was virgin she wanted to start experimenting, to have fun and discover new things all of that with enthusiasm if so a little nervousness, after all it's nearly impossible not to be during your first time, right? But I got none of that, I got a girl that couldn't even think of what she wanted but yet she was "not like other girls" whatever the hell that means. The end was just rushed and boring, I love you! I love you too! Ok I don't really care.

  

--- 18. Obsidian (Lux, #1) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2015-03-02

I love Aliens stories. Whether it's a book, a movie or a TV show, the idea that there are other life forms outside of Earth has always facinated me. I love especially stories that deal with how those life forms are; could we recognize them as living forms if we met them? How similar are they to us? How do they think and see the world around them? What would happen if they come to Earth? Independence day, The X Files, Taken, The Host (Yes, the one by Stephenie Meyer. It's explained in the review. ), Close Encounters of the Third Kind, The thing, World of the Worlds, Start Trek, Serenity, The Austronaut's Wife, E.T., Men In Black and a whole bunch of many, many other books/shows/movies deal with Aliens and the relationship between humans/otehr life forms. A romance between a human and an Alien? Why the fuck not? Because Obsidian, that's why. I really tried to like this book and, to an extent, I really did. The only problem, which was a huge one, was Daemon, the Hero, and Daemon in relationship to other characters which was pretty much the whole book. Take the hero out of the picture and this is a really enjoyable book. I found myself laughing out loud at some parts (Something that doesn't happen very often) and emotionally relating to others. The thing was that Daemon and everything that had to do with him was 95% of the book so, when I only enjoyed 5% and hated the rest... Yeah, I hated this book. The book starts with Katy and her mom settling into their new house in a small town in West Virginia. Katy's father died of Cancer some time ago and they just couldn't live in their old house anymore, too many memories kept them from moving forward. So, new house, new begining. And... there's the elephant in the room. You know it, I know it. Let's say it out loud. Yes, the similarities with Twilight are many but I'll go into that later. First I want to talk about Daemon. Daemon is Katy's next door neighboor, and he's totally hot. Perfect straight-out-of-bed dark hair, perfectly piercing green eyes, perfect face, perfectly toned chest that he likes to expose on a regular basis. Twilight is not the only inspiration, I believe. He's perfect. And as such, he's the perfect abusive asshole from YA books. In fact, Daemon is so perfect he is superior to the other assholes in other stories. Don't get me wrong, I love me some bad boy but maybe my idea of one is not the same as the rest of the world (especially considering EVERYBODY LOVES DAEMON) after all, my idea of a hottie is not a guy that humilliates me, controls me, scares me, threatens me and hates me for no reason. Daemon does all of this even before he even knows Katy. Their first scene together, Katy goes over to his house and asks where she can find a store in town that sells gardening equipment. I quite liked this before meeting Daemon, how Katy wants to meet new people but at the same time is a little scared to actually meet new people, I can relate to that easy enough. But then, of course, she meets Daemon: "Can I help you?" Full, kissable lips turned down in annoyance. That's a great start. He said nothing, just cocked a brow with disdain. "Okay." He was laughing at me with a healthy dose of condescension. "You know, all I wanted was directions. This is obviously a bad time." One side of his lips curled up. "Anytime is a bad time for you to come knocking on my door, kid." "I'm not a kid. I'm seventeen." "You look like you're twelve. No. Maybe thirteen, but my sister has this doll that kinda reminds me of you. All big-eyed and vacant." This and a lot more happened in their First meeting. This is somehow explained by saying that Daemon just has to protect himself and his sister from strangers so he pushes people away but it's bulshit. If this were the case (which in any way is still stupid, I'll get on to that later.) then once Katy knows and is proven to be thrustworthy, which she does, then Daemon should stop being a dick because there would be no need. Daemon never stops being an asshole= He IS an asshole. Relationship to Katy and Dee If well there are moments in which Katy is not interacting with Daemon, the rest of the book she's either thinking about him or talking with Dee about him. His sister Dee seems really sweet if well a little desperate for affection which I can't blame her for. In his "attempts to protect her" Daemon has completely isolated his sister from interaction with people that are not him or that disagree with him. Dee accepts this treatment from Daemon believing that this is his way to show love and protection, which then leads to her justifying every bad thing he does with phrases like "I'm sorry! He's actually a great guy." "Please don't let him scare you off! He's an ass but he loves me." His sister's eyes darted from me to him nervously. "He didn't mean anything by it." "Daemon," Dee said, grabbing his arm. "Knock it off." Dee pushed her brother, but he didn't move. "Don't be a jerk. Please?" "I'm not being a jerk," he denied. I raised my eyebrows. "What's that?" Daemon said. "You have something to say, Kitten?" With Katy it was a bittersweet feeling. On the one hand I liked how, whenever he did something so assholish, she didn't take his crap BUT, and this is a big but, she always ended up accepting his abusive behavior and always did what he wanted her to do. They were fighting and Daemon would get really close to Katy or say something sexual-related and, next thing you know Kathy forgets all about it and all she can think is how hot he is and how she wishes to touch him or for him to kiss her. ...There he was, towering over me and staring down. "How...how did you move...?" I took a step back, words failing me. The intensity in his eyes sent shivers down my arms. Holy crap... "I'm only going to tell you this once. If anything happens to my sister, so help me--" He stopped, taking a deep breath as his gaze dropped to my parted lips. My breath caught. Something flickered in his eyes, but they narrowed again, hiding whatever had been there. The images were back. The two of us. Hot and sweaty. I bit my lip and tried to make my expression blank, but yet again I knew he could tell what I was thinking when his expression turned annoyingly smug. Beyond annoying. The entire relationship gave me shivers and not in a good way. Their kisses read more like sexual assault then passionate. "For a moment, I pretended. Not that we weren't two different species, because I didn't see him that way, but that we actually liked each other. And then he shifted and rolled. I was on my back, and he was still on the move. His face burrowed into the space between my neck and shoulder, nuzzling. Sweet baby Jesus...Warm breath danced over my skin, sending shivers down my body. His arm was heavy against my stomach, his leg between mine, pushing up and up. Scorched air fled my lungs. Daemon murmured in a language I couldn't understand. Whatever it was, it sounded beautiful and soft. Magical. Unearthly. I could've woken him up but for some reason I didn't. The thrill of him touching me was far stronger than anything else. His hand was on the edge of the borrowed shirt, his long fingers on the strip of exposed flesh between the hem on the shirt and the band of the worn pajama bottoms. And his hand inched up under the shirt, across my stomach, where it dipped slightly. My pulse went into cardiac territory. The tips of his fingers brushed my ribs. His body moved, his knee pressed against me. I gasped. Daemon stilled. No one moved. The clock on the wall ticked. And I cringed." Now with the general plot. I did not dislike it but it was nothing especial. Aliens are escaping killer aliens so they have to hide, obviosuly they go into a small town faux-Forks where everybody knows each other and being new equals tons of attention. So, of course they have to act like assholes that isolate themselves and only leave room for more rumors and dislike from the entire population. Comes the new girl but Oh wait! There was once someone else and something bad happened so they don't want to risk themselves again, that's why they treat her like shit while at the same time not letting her go in case she wants to have other friends/love interest. Yeap. And then, the end:

  

--- 19. Scarlet (The Lunar Chronicles, #2) (★★★☆☆) ---

Rated 3/5 on 2015-02-25

Scarlet is a decent enough book. The second (or is it third?) book in The Lunar Chronicles saga. To be fair there are no Mary Sues, the insta-love is kept to a minimmum and no character was overly stupid (Kai is debatable). The book didn't make me angry, didn't yell at any fictional characters, fantasized about them dying in a horribly, painful manner and that is always a good thing. If something, thesw books seem to have female protagonists that don't swoon and bite their lip at the handsome asshole which is great! Really, it is but honestly, if I had to describe this book with one word it would be Meh I feel kind of bad, everybody loves/likes this book but to me it was boring, with a few moments of excitment here and there that didn't really made up for the remaning 380 pages. One of my biggest problems is the lack of world building and description. Sure, I didn't read Cinder but that doesn't mean that I should be completely clueless to Scarlet, right? The author refers to things that happened in Cinder all of the time!... Except when it matters. For most of the book I had no idea of what lunars were, what they did or what the hell was going on with them. Cinder is one and apparently it was a big deal, I just had no idea why. The same goes with robots and cyborgs and pretty much every aspect in the book, they were mentioned but hardly ever explained. That leads to the description, I have no idea of how the world is like and how the characters look like. I saw descriptions as "The sun was kissing the horizon by the time they arrived." but very little to no idea of how things looked! This is a futuristic novel, I would have loved to see how the world was like; the landscapes, the people, how different were their costumes from the ones we know now? But whenever I read any scene my mind just imagined the characters in a plain-white scenario because the author didn't give me enough information to know what was happening. This was probably what put me off from the book, I didn't know how things were like and I didn't know what the characters were feeling; whenever something happened I was told something like: "Her heart pounded heavily against her chest" but I didn't believe it. They were just words that meant nothing to me and if I didn't feel the anger, sadness, fear of course I would get bored. Nothing was interesting then. The characters... well it was more of the same. All I know about Scarlet is that she is a red-haired farmer with a habit of cleaning tomato stains on her jeans that is on the lookout for her grandmother who one day, simply vanished. The police concluded that she either suicide or left on her own and close the case which leads Scarlet to find her on her own means. She meets a street fighter named Wolf who tries to help her but soon she'll discover he could be a foe! *Gasps* There is no insta-love in between the two of them up until they go on a train where... something happens but I'm too lazy to do the whole Spoiler thing. After that she realizes that they have known each other for only a day. She's surprised and so am I since it's been TWO HUNDREAD PAGES AND ONLY A DAY WENT BY. In the end Scarlet suffered from the lack of description; she would say and do stuff but I never felt like she had a voice, she wasn't a character, she was just stuff that happened. Cinder did have a voice, I could picture her even with the lack of description but the problem was her chapters were too boring. More than half of the book she's either escaping prison or being on the ship with the Captain (He wants to be called captain) and Iko. I just didn't care. Wolf, meh, he has white scars on his face but besides that I don't know. Oh, and he and Scarlet don't realize Ciner is the lost princess even though evrything points to it. Kai was a real idiot, so much so that it was my favorite part of the book; let's see how the dumb emperor screw things up now! Seriously, he rules he commonthwealth and said he had no idea that lunars were such a big deal to everybody. He even says "I know it sounds naive but..." Dude that's not naive, that's fucking stupid. What kind of ruler doesn't know this shit? Plus he lets people into his room when he barely knows who they are and in the end does this really, really stupid thing with Lavena that is supossed to be self-sacrificing but it's just dumb. I'll be honest, I know barely nothing about the girl but I want a full trilogy with Lavena as the protagonist. Show her being a sociopath and all, taking over the world and shit. I'd read the hell out of that. Anyways, overall Scarlet didn't piss me off but it really, really bored me.

  

--- 20. Daughter of Smoke & Bone (Daughter of Smoke & Bone, #1) (★★★★☆) ---

Rated 4/5 on 2015-02-19

I... I don't know what to say except: I can't remember a book that made me feel like this, so hooked and emotionally invested. It's amazing, read it.

  

--- 21. Across the Universe (Across the Universe, #1) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2015-02-12

Actual rating 1.5 stars. This was poorly written but the worst part was that she was a seven year old, not a teenager. It creeped me out, how can someone miss so bad in targeting the age?

  

--- 22. Darkness of Light (Darkness, #1) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2015-02-12

Actual rating 1.5 stars. You know it's hard to find good books in the YA genre. It's plagued with Mary Sues main characters who can't think outside of their love interest's abs even if their life depended on it, which, of course, it always does. So here I was looking for a book when I came across Darkness of Light. I had already seen another books from the author and they were all well praised. The same happened with this one but it wasn't just random reviews, people that I know who (I thought) shared the same interest as me talked about this amazing book, how the characters were great, interesting and deep and the romance was M-O-T-H-E-R-F-U-C-K-I-N-G mindblowing. I had to read this! No, no I didn't have to. I shouldn't have to. It's funny now to remember how confused I was when reading it because it was like any other crappy YA book out there. You've got the main character, Ember who has had allucinations her entire life. She was the typical "Not like other girls" who said some snarky lines and occassionally told the bad guy to STFU so as to somehow delude the reader that she was, in fact an interesting and intelligent person. It would all go to hell whenever she would do something stupid or wouldn't stop thinking about the hot asshole, who by the way is a motherfucking prick and there is nothing sexy about him, and his abs. You see her constantly thinking "I should run away in the opposite direction." "He scares me, terrifies me." "I should stay away." Guess what she will do? She will act like an idiot and keep fawning over him. The plot could have been interesting if I hadn't been yelling at the characters for being so stupid. Seriously, they made a huge deal out of nothing and it was the annoying trick of not saying what is going on to make suspense.

  

--- 23. A Wallflower Christmas (Wallflowers, #4.5) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2015-01-31

When I picked up this book I didn't know that it belonged to a series but it didn't stop me from understanding the plot or the characters. The thing is, series or not, this is just another classical book of the bad boy who fells in love with the simple and pure girl who is, of course! also "spirited" whatever that means. The sex was ordinary, nothing oustanding there. It just wasn't my taste I guess.

  

--- 24. Mind Games (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2015-01-20

The book began promising. I liked the style and characters but soon something was wrong. We were on this new world, completely different for ours though with little details here and there that showed the book was set in the future. But that was it, had it not been for the synopsis and those little things I would have no idea of what was going on, I still have no idea of what was going on. Where was the world building? The author had many chances to explain what was going on but she failed at the most crucial points. I honestly haven't been this confused with a book before, I wanted to like it, I really did but the whole thing made me feel so disconnected from the plot and the characters that I'll give it 2 stars.

  

--- 25. Throne of Glass (Throne of Glass, #1) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2015-01-19

I'll be honest, I got until the half before got bored and dropped it so many the book peeks up after that I was just a little annoyed with Throne of Glass. Now, I'm not saying this is a bad book, really it had interesting aspects that made me want to keep going but I chose this book because it was about the dealiest assasin in the kingdom so I guess I was expecting... an assasin. The book starts well enough, the main character seems clever enough to deliver a convincing story.- She is the best assasin at a very young age after all.- But soon enough the whole thing falls flat. People have to tell her this super smart killer how to stay alive and to do incredible prowess of intellect like not to piss off people who could kill her very easily. Celaena-"But why can't I do this amazing things that I do so amazingly just because I'm in a competition to death with all this people who would kill me the second they knew I'm an amazing threat? Amazing." Captain-"Well because... if they see you are, emm, amazing they will kill you?" Celaena-"Ha! You peasant! You don't know how this works, after all you have only trained your entire life. I'm the best assassin in the kingdom that's why I will show everybody who I am! that way they will never know it's me!" Me-Yeaahhhhhhhh, no.

  

--- 26. Haunted (The Arnaud Legacy, #1) (★★★☆☆) ---

Rated 3/5 on 2015-01-19

I received this book from the publisher in exchange for an honest review. The book starts when the family arrives to the Arnaund mansion in England after the main character Phoebe did something that made the entire family have to move not to another city or state but to a different country. We see from the begining that her parents are tip toing around her, paying more attention to her little sister than her, sighing when she gives the slightest indication that she is a moody teenager so she tries her best to behave because, after all she screwed up. I liked the main character, Phoebe. She loves her family and even though her newborn sister gets more attention than her she knows it's not anyone's fault and doesn't resent her for it, it's just something she has to deal with. I could understand her reasoning, she made smart choices and tried her best to figure out what is going on and keep her family safe when they themselves won't listen. That author does a very good job with the descriptions, I could picture the place perfectly and get lost in the story with Phoebe. I was scared when she was, I felt her frustration, anger, confusion. Perhaps what happens is that everything is perfectly fine until something happens. Things don't make sense and I found myself looking back on my phone to see if I had missed a few pages, this goes on for some time until it makes sense and I liked the way the author chose to do it but it can be confusing and off putting at first. The twist was predictable and at the same time it wasn't. The descriptions created the atmosphere so well I can call it beautiful but there were a few times when I wondered "Do I really need to know this?" Or, at the moments of most suspense the character fell off, I was disconnected from the plot and what was happening. Though beautifully done sometimes the descriptions were a little too much. The ending was a little rushed for my taste, I wished the author had expanded things a little more in certain aspects but overall it was a good book and a nice read. It says that there will be another book and if that's the case I'll definetely read it.

  

--- 27. Shadow and Bone (The Grisha, #1) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2015-01-18

I don't know what I was expecting from this book, so many people talked about it so well, people whose tastes I share, I honestly believed I would like Shadow and Bone but what I got was a main character that was kind of boring, not very smart (though I wouldn't call her TSTL) and the "sorprising twist" I heard so much about was not much of a surprise to me. I saw it coming since their first conversations. Just... I don't know what hype is all about.

  

--- 28. The Host (The Host, #1) (★★★☆☆) ---

Rated 3/5 on 2015-01-18

Honestly I read this book when I was... 15 holy shit! has it really been that long? Anyways books were something strange for me because they were the torture our teacher used on us little students to give us a grade (Ok it wasn't that bad but the books were always depressing). But then it came Twilight and I discovered that I could read something and like it, that i could read for FUN (Though I don't know now what i liked about it). Having heard that there was a new book from the author I was looking forward to it and for my birthday my mom gave it to me as a present. I was so, so happy! I had never had a book of my own because I wanted to read it, I had always read them for school but this was mine, nobody was forcing me to read it or analyze it so it became this especial thing to me. Back then I liked it but I also liked Twilight and didn't think there was anything wrong with it, in fact I thought it was crazy when I read comments on teh internet saying that the book was poorly written or that the relationship between Bella and Edward was wrong and abusive. The book said it was right and that they loved each other so I bought it even though there was no actual evidence to support that. If I were to read The Host again I'm sure my opinion would change but this was one of those things that made me change the way I saw at things and I don't want to spoil that memory.

  

--- 29. Inferno (Robert Langdon, #4) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2015-01-17

I don't know what I expected from this book but it wasn't what I got. I loved The Da Vinci Code, The Secret Symbol and Deception Point but Inferno lacked something fundamental that had the previous works for me, the page-turning effect. Those stories that grab you from the start and you don't want to put the book down until it's finished. I kept hoping the plot would move along or something interesting happen at least but it never came. I don't know what happened, honestly I don't but it's a shame because I was really looking forward to reading this book.