# User ID: faf24ae008628e90fd0a82199e0c837b

They're _fascinatingly conflicted_ — both sincere and sarcastic, critical but vulnerable. Their reviews read like dramatic monologues, full of extended metaphors, backtracking, and big emotional swings. Almost like a solo performance about disappointment in fiction.

Average Rating: 2.00 (StdDev: 1.06)

Reviews: 34

  

Rating Distribution:

★☆☆☆☆: 13 reviews

★★☆☆☆: 12 reviews

★★★☆☆: 7 reviews

★★★★☆: 0 reviews

★★★★★: 2 reviews

  

Top Genre: owned

Average Review Length: 3578 characters

Review Period: 2011-10-23 - 2015-04-02

  

Recent Reviews:

  

--- 1. The Fault in Our Stars (★★★★★) ---

Rated 5/5 on 2015-04-02

** spoiler alert ** [Edited in 28/5: I recently reread this book. I realize that I have to say this. I absolutely LOVE John Green and The Fault in Our Stars, and I am aware of that deeper implications evident in this book. Since I don't know a lot about English Literature, I don't understand any of the implications or whatever here. I pity myself. If I had known what they are about, I would not have given this such low stars. I really, really LOVE this book. So I will give this a three stars, the extra one is because I sincerely do think this is well-written and it is one of the best YA I've read in a long time. It is right there with Harry Potter. But base on the following reasons, I cannot give it any more stars.] Before reading this review, please remember that this is my reviews on The Fault in Our Stars by John Green, and I appreciate any different thoughts on it. Also, I would break my promise of no cussing here. Miraculously surviving a highly-risk cancer surgery three years ago, Hazel Grace Lancaster was never truly cured like the rest of the depressed support group she went every week; she was just extending her time in the world. For her, there were millions of questions she could never find out soon enough, except for the questions related to the unanswered ending in her favorite book, An Imperial Affliction by Peter Van Housten. Hazel wondered and wondered what would happen in the novel she loved very much that was also about a dying girl with cancer. A dream that would never happen, or so she thought, might just occur with the help of a cute guy. Augustus Waters was the cute guy. The funny, intelligent, charming, gorgeous, great body, had cancer but currently NEC (no evidence of cancer) Augustus was the cute guy that attended Hazel's support group under the request of his friend Issac, who was also in the group. Immediately attracted to Hazel's physical similarity to Natalie Portman in V for Vendetta (where Portman shaved her hair) and her special insights into world and death, they became great friends immediately with them both the same value of matters of live and death. Augustus wanted to be more than friends with her, she knew it, but Hazel was too afraid be a grenade, afraid to get him too attached so when she did pass away, which was in the quite near time interval, he could get over it easier. Together with Hazel's sweet mother, they went all the way to Amsterdam to find the reclusive Peter Van Housten for answers to the book that brought them together. Their real journey begun the day before they met, way before that, probably the day Hazel read An Imperial Affliction, or maybe it was the day they got cancer, whenever that day was, their stars were crossed. If there was one other character Hazel reminded me of it would be Jenny Miller from An Education (the movie, I did not read the book). One of the best line in that movie was when Jenny was trying to get her teacher to help her after getting dump by a con, her teacher said, 'You sound very old and wise.' Then Jenny said, 'I feel old, but not very wise.' Those were the kind of dialogue floating around The Fault in Our Stars, oh the wittiness. But I would get to the dialogue later, now back to Hazel. She felt old, and she knew she was wise, given on how many pain she lived through everyday for the past 3 years. She was so wise she was almost incapable of loving another human being that was not her parents because of her fear that she would leave them heart broken. BULLSHIT. I said BULLSHIT. Hazel kept making excuses how she being sick was a huge burden to everyone near her, how she was so irritated by the fake normalness she always thought she had when she went out with her friends. She thought she had the hardest life out there when her life was eaten by cancer she never thought about those around her that already invested in her. Did she have the hardest life? No. She had one of the most unfortunate, definitely not the hardest. Because for the real hard ones, she would never find parents that stick by her side 24/7, no friend to call to talk about books until 1 am. Hazel was so engulfed in her own sadness and also the pain she bought to her parents she most of the time could be a real pain in the backside. Cynical was the word that suited her the most, because most of the time she could be cynical. So cynical I thought I would call that witty. No. It was still kind of bad for her, quite inconsiderate. Back to the Jenny Miller thing. Jenny, as mentioned above, was very smart, had that kind of judgemental eyes, looked eerily similar to movie actresses, but most of all, Jenny was aware of the stupidness going around her, the thought of spending her time writing essays was irrevocably childish when all that her shallow parents wanted was not a degree but a wealthy husband. She saw through her parents' insane thoughts, and she eventually discovered how wrong they were about her life. She did not want to be stuck in some town washing dishes for her husband, she wanted to study, wanted to be something bigger. She was beyond her age (seventeen) and knew what the world was about after getting engaged to a married conman. Hazel Lancaster possessed those characteristics, especially the one about her being too old and wise. Nevertheless, the cleverness of Jenny Miller was never portrayed as smugness or, in any way, proud or annoying, much like the feeling Hazel gave me, proud and annoying. On along to Augustus, the very likable Augustus, who was almost as smart as Hazel Grace (that was how he called her). Maybe it was because this book was not narrated by him, I did not know if he was as vicious as his girlfriend was in his head, but he seemed pleasant enough, always sticking up for his buddy when he was dumped. Below was a dialogue with him and Issac, who was just blinded. "You're sure there's no one behind us?" he asked Isaac. Moments later, tracer bullets started whizzing over their heads. "Oh, goddamn it, Isaac," Augustus said. "I don't mean to criticize you in your moment of great weakness, but you've allowed us to be outflanked, and now there's nothing between the terrorists and the school." He was humorous, very attractive even as a fictional character. But that was before the recurence. After that, he was sad as shit. More cynical than our own Ms Hazel, and that was saying something. Strange enough, I do not know if Hazel really changed because of her boyfriend suffering harder than she ever had or was it because Augustus was being a bigger whine baby than she had, Hazel seemed like an angel in the post-recurence part of the story. Below was another post-recurence dialogue of him and Hazel. One afternoon, he pointed vaguely toward a laundry basket in a corner of the room and asked me, "What's that?" "That laundry basket?" "No, next to it." "I don't see anything next to it." "It's my last shred of dignity. It's very small." Many people cried during reading this book, I knew I did, I cried a lot. When I was writing this my table was messy with paper towels. At some point reading I was crying so hard I wanted to kill myself not like the time when I was reading one of the most horrible creation known to mankind as 'Hush, Hush', but because (a) I almost suffocated from how hard I cried, it did not feel good and (b) this book really make me want to shout 'oh, the humanity'. And then I realized why I wanted to shout that out loud. It was because Augustus complained so much it brainwashed me into thinking that he was so sad, his life was ruined, yade-yade-yada. Just look at the conversation shown above, the second one, not the first, and there was no deny that he was living an unfair life, but that did not mean he had to shit everywhere he went. Though I had to admit, they did have a heart warming relationship based on mutual affection , they were so sarcastic and self-pity that in the end this book turned into an everyday Japanese movie. Japan at least makes 10 movies like that each year, the mainstream of Japanese movies were either that or movies about dogs that had to die in the end, and I always avoid their trailers because it could make me cry so hard I forgot what I was doing in the theatre. As the matter of fact, I could write the transformation of the movie it was trying to be in the following word equation. Easy A --> 50/50 --> Any Cancer Movies in Japan (only those in Japan, amount of tears shed in the Bucket List was nothing compared to any of those) [Edited 28/5] 3 stars out of 5. I really wish I could give it a higher rating because I did get hooked and some one-liners were funny enough get a laugh from my tear smeared face.

  

--- 2. Divergent (Divergent, #1) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2014-05-31

To start off this review, please know that this is only MY feeling of Divergent, and remember it as you read along. Divergent, written by the 23-year-old young author Veronica Roth, centred on Tris (Beatrice)'s life in a dystopian world where everyone was expected to choose to live between 5 factions when they turned 16. Tris was sent to a test to identify her choices, instead of showing results of only 1 faction, Tris's personality fit to 3 factions, hence, she was a divergent. Born as a Abnegation, she, however, chose to become a Dauntless, meaning that she had to engage in dangerous missions and life-threatening training to survive the initiation of Dauntless. During the long training, she met a group of friends and a devastatingly handsome young mentor, and there went your romance. After Harry Potter, authors rushed to write children's fantasy fictions. After Twilight, they rushed to write young-adult paranormal romance fictions. After The Hunger Games, they turned to a new catagory--dystopian, as this book. It is not fair to compare any lead female characters to Katniss, as they should all have their own traits and personalities. Just because Katniss was strong and skilled in archery, does not mean that female MC unlike her were nauseating or annoying. Tris, though sweetheart, was a complete mess. She did not have any backbone, and according to the books' description of her injury, she literally does not. The unnecessary violence in the book obviously did no damage whatsoever to our annoying Tris, no matter how bad the situation sounded, she was alright after 10 minutes of utter chaos. I don't care how badass Tris had grown throughout the book, because no one can be 'fine' or 'alright' after gun wounds and train jumping. If that is the case, then I see why divergents are so dangerous-- they are stupid and reckless mesochists who care about nothing but their own freewill or thrill. She was coldblood, showing only little signs of mourning after her parents and a good friends death. She was ruthless, running to the enemies' base with few other barely trained people to face death. She was dull, never once did she do anything that was somewhat fun. Everything about Tris ever since she engaged into this tangle of Dauntless was controlled by her love interest. Love interest? Yes. Now, I've seen quite a lot of romance in YA novels, most of them were deemed as sappy or unbelievable for me. This book told another story. As the so-called romance began, I did not believe one second of it, nor did I acknowledge that he was the love interest. Honestly, when he was touching her, I thought he was a creepy molester that had a very weird taste. And his name. HIS NAME! Four, as if his nickname is not idiotic enough, his real name is ten times worst. I won't say it here, but if you can see through the mist, you will prabably figure it out after 2 chapters. He pretended to be cold towards Tris in public, under the 'reasonable' explanation of protecting her (real convincing explanation you got there Roth), and warmed up when they were private. I do enjoy romance in fictions, but this book would have been much better off without it. I don't know how much money you made just because of the romance, but it a couple of romance junkies is not worth it. I hope there will be improvements on the upcoming lush of dystopian novels, as there are already so many fail sample out in the market. It is the characters in Divergent that bugged me the most. Nevertheless, I am still amused by the idea of dividing 5 factions in a city and the action thriller inside me did enjoy some parts of this book, so I would give it 2 out of 5.

  

--- 3. The Fault in Our Stars (★★★★★) ---

Rated 5/5 on 2012-08-19

I was listening to The Fault Is in Our Stars, a song written by a very talented songwriter named Meghan Tonjes, and I thought. That's it. This book has its flaws. I don't like the fact that Hazel Grace or Gus or Issac really repulsed me sometimes, especially Hazel when she was being a little ungrateful bitch to her parents. For those who have read my previous review on The Fault in Our Stars or have been following my reviews might remember that I originally gave it 2 stars because I disliked the characters. Then I changed my rating to 3 stars because I have reread and reread and reread this book a thousand times and I cried like a baby to the point where my friends were scared. I love it. I love it to the point where I could forget how irritating the main characters were. I just love it. When I was listening to this song, I decided that if I do love the Fault in Our Stars so much, I should do something. I was a complete idiot in music, but I do have a Goodreads account, so, why not? I have only given 4 stars to two books before. 5 stars in something I have never given to any book. I love The Fault in Our Stars. To me, this is a 5 stars.

  

--- 4. Dreamless (Starcrossed, #2) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2012-07-01

Don't ask me why I read this, but I did, and I did not finish it because it was too tedious and boring. The biggest problem I had with this book, besides the never-ending storyline they repeated again and again and the fact that a lot of things did not make sense at all (like how all characters couldn't do a simple math equation even though they were described as ubersmart) was Helen. I read Dreamless with an Android app on my phone so I could make bookmarks while I was reading and I bookmarked every single line that the book failed to make sense to me. I realized after I had stopped reading this after 140 pages that most bookmarks were made because Helen was being a stupid, inconsiderate, humorless female. "You have to chew bacon, Lennie," her dad said sarcastically. "It doesn't just dissolve in your mouth." "Is that how it works?" Realizing she had been sitting there stock-still, she forced herself to act normal and crack a joke. "Now he tells me." If I were her dad, I would completely lose hope in raising this daughter. First of all, that was not funny. Secondly, it was a human instinct to chew the shit you had in your mouth or you would drool all over yourself the first second you opened your mouth and talked(at least that was what happened when I tried to put a hot bacon in my mouth without chewing, maybe that was another superpower Helen had). Reading Helen's horrible attempt to make a joke gave me an inexplicable desire to headdesk. Helen smeared some peanut butter on a hunk of bread and drizzled honey over it before she took a giant, angry bite. She chewed mechanically, hardly noticing the sticky ball of bread and nutty-sweet paste sealing up her mouth. She felt like she was choking something most of the time, anyway--like there was a wad of words lodged permanently in the back of her throat. What was a little peanut butter compared to that? I did not understand what that paragraph was talking about because if Helen felt like she was choking most of the time, then she should be dead right now, not still eating. Also, eating peanut butter sandwich was not equivalent to choking you unless you were allergic to it and there had been no indication in Dreamless saying that Helen had any allergy, so I had not idea how Ms. Angelini could just change the subject like that. Thirdly, having a wad of words stuck in your throat was a far cry from choking. I have choked before, and it felt much worse then having words undelivered in you throat. You could die from the former, but you would not die from having 'a wad of words lodged permanently in the back of her (your) throat'. She gulped down a glass of milk and shuffled back out front, still feeling like she was being blamed for something that wasn't her fault. She avoided Kate for the rest of the night to punish her. Helen, if I actually knew you in reality, I would be glad you were avoiding me because that would save me energy to avoid you. Even though he was fighting for his life, Helen couldn't stop herself from noticing that he really needed a haircut. Thank you, Helen, for once again proving how shallow and stupid and inhuman you were. In one fluid motion, Hector raised his torso back to vertical and claimed the sward for himself. As he yanked it out of the ground he used the grip-stop-go momentum of the freed blade to slash across the chest the next figure that appeared out of the gloom, all the while moving faster than the beat of a hummingbird's heart. If a person rose from the ground into an upright position, I doubted many would describe that movement as 'raising his torso back to vertical. Unfortunately for Helen, holding back her power required way more energy than just letting the bolts go. Well then why could you not just release your energy and kill all the people or whatever creatures you were fighting against? It was either you or them, would you rather die? Stupid Helen. She could create one that would kill them all, but she couldn't bring herself to do that. Again, Helen was a stupid little girl. They were trying to kill her, and yet there she was, holding back because she 'couldn't bring herself to do that'. Hearing her shout of pain seemed to shock Lucas out of his frenzy. He looked down to see Helen on her knees, cradling her injured wrist. "I'm sorry," he whispered. Before Helen could get to her feet, he jumped into the air and was gone from sight. Wo Ding Ni A !See, reading this made me curse in Chinese. What the hell was wrong with Lucas? Who on earth would whisper sorry and then vanish from sight? Good grief, Helen, get over the boy, he was insane, heartless and do not even listen to his apologies. Also, 19-17=2. Therefore, they were not cousins. I asked two friends of mine this question. Me: If you really, really love a boy, only to discover after you've fallen in love that you were cousins, would you still be with him? Friends: I would stay with him if I love him that much. They were torturing each other and those reading Dreamless. Just get together for god's sake and save the mushy shit that sounded strangely like you have multiple personality disorder.Ding ! She's fine," Helen said soothingly. "Of course you'd think she's fine. You don't have any concept of how easy it is for her to get hurt. You're impervious," Jason snapped back at Helen, his voice rising slightly with every sentence. Touche, Jason, touche. Jason was probably the sanest person in the entire book given that he was the only one who would snap at Helen and knew how insanely childish and horrible a person Helen was. Too bad Ms. Angelini did not care about any character other than Helen, Lucas and Orion. Side characters like Jason were like paper boards standing in the background with no lines or personality whatsoever. I was surprised Ms. Angelini would let her precious little heroin gotten hurt by Jason talking back, honestly. Helen pinched her eyes with her fingers until she saw pale blue spots. First of all, I thought she was impervious so she should not be able to get hurt and saw pale blue spots. Second of all, if Ms. Angelini was reading this, I would like to invite her to pinch her eyes with her fingers. If her eyeballs were still there and not turned into gushes of blood, then I would volunteer to call Guiness World Records. "And what makes you think Helen is more important than you are?" Jason asked, his face turning bright red with anger. Jason is now officially my favorite character in Dreamless. "Just stay out of this!" Jason yelled. He brushed past Helen on his way to the door. "You're not the center of everyone's universe, you know." The door slammed. There IS justice in Dreamless! Thank you very much, Jason. I can't tell you how freaking elated I was upon reading this lose your nuts while talking to that idiot. In a way, this was more disheartening than anything that had been said during the fight. Jason obviously held some kind of grudge against Helen. Well, yeah, I guess everyone would in reality, wouldn't they? Jason was like the readers in Dreamless. He voiced out our complains and then got scolded for being honest to himself. It must be a good book universe in Dreamless. Somehow over the past few weeks Lucas had learned how to use his ability to manipulate the air to create a soundless vacuum. It was almost like he wasn't really there anymore. Ya Tai Qu Jiang You Yi Ri Cheng Wei Ya Tai Qu Jie A ,next thing you know Lucas would be able to shoot fire balls from his backside. Every time she saw Lucas it got worse. He was changing, but not for the better. Something wrong was happening to Lucas. Yeah, like the fact that he could not do a simple math equation. Claire told everyone that they couldn't safely read the scrolls without a proper initiation first. What? To test the theory here, I told my mom that I couldn't study anymore because I needed an initiation to safely read the scrolls, she was scared by my bullshitting and thought I was on the edge of a mental breakdown. ...both of them were leaning toward each other so close it was like they were trying to climb into each other's eyes. That was one scary image. She could hear a heartbeat. And it wasn't hers. A video called Charlie Reads Twilight spoke for me. (Watch it from 0:40) "Sounds like you know him better than you've said," Lucas said stiffly. I'm sorry, but NO ONE ASKED FOR YOUR FREAKING OPINION. "Because I don't want you getting sidetracked by some trashy piece of Roman eye candy." SHUT THE HELL UP BEFORE I BARGE INTO YOUR STUPID LITTLE FICTIONAL WORLD AND MAKE YOU. She was surprised to hear him speak so passionately. Me too, I did not know that Helen cared about anyone besides herself. "Well, it is Friday night. I figured, what the heck?" Helen joked, but o one laughed. I'm tired. There are a lot more than the ones I've typed even thought I didn't even finish half of Dreamless. Overall, I really did not like Helen. The fact that almost all of them did not stand up to her irritated me as well. I thought this would have somewhat improved, but this is worse than Starcrossed. However, I'd give this one and a half stars out of five because I like Jason. (Review also seen on A Bluish-Green Blog.)

  

--- 5. Starcrossed (Starcrossed, #1) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2012-06-28

** spoiler alert ** I wrote this immediately after knowing that there was going to be a movie base on Starcrossed. Seriously, I've read a lot of books in the past ten months and of all those books, I think this has the biggest potential to garner worldwide fame and shunned by critics at the same time. When I read a book, I always picture ways that a movie can present the book at its best and make it better and more acceptable for the general audience. But if this book is to be made into a movie that was true to the author's words, then the movie will be a flop since the biggest flaw in Starcrossed is the bad dialogue. This book was more on the romance track than on the special effects/art direction track. The following is the things wrong with Starcrossed. Helen was plain dumb and annoying. Helen and Lucas as cousins. Dialogue. Loopholes with the whole Greek mythology fiasco. The fact that Helen and Lucas could not stay together because they could not do a simple math equation. The plot from the middle of the book, or lack of it. None of the characters had any personality. So it can't be a good romantic drama. If it is trying to pull a I Am Number Four, which was basically balancing out the flat plot and awkward dialogue by putting an insanely awesome action scene in the end, it still won't do. None of the fighting scene that involved actual fighting, not taking the chance to touch Lucas' gorgeous abs, was astounding enough. Hell, it's not even fun to read those fights. You'd find a more action packed fight in the corner down the street where two 10-year-olds are sparring with sticks than the most exciting fight in this book. If Starcrossed could no t be a good romantic drama or action movie, then there was really no need to watch the film at all. Everything does not even make any sense in this book. Reading it was bad enough. Now there's a movie on this? What is she trying to do to me? I hope it was nothing more than an April Fool's joke.

  

--- 6. Keep Holding On (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2012-06-04

I can't even say how horrible this book is. Review to come.

  

--- 7. The Breakaway (The Breakaway, #1) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2012-05-20

Stockholm Syndrome is one of the most interesting thing of human psychology in my opinion. So that makes me a sucker for books about that. However, there isn't much really going on with this book, except for these activities: Whining, kissing, terrified, crying, reading, more whining, having sex, more crying, thinking, yoga, meditating, whining, waiting for Jesse. If I want to watch a girl strutting hopelessly in a cell with pseudo-family, I would have watched any television series from TVB (a TV network in Hong Kong in which the female protagonist can only do the above things with below average acting). The conundrum Naomi faced did not really bring out the essence of her Stockholm Syndrome, and she was simply a very strange robot through out the entire book. 1.5 stars out of 5. (Review also seen in A Bluish-Green Blog)

  

--- 8. The Story of Us (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2012-05-19

I did not finish reading The Story of Us. I love Stay by Deb Caletti, I think it is an interesting turn from the other contemporary novels, but the protagonist of this book is too annoying. I just don't know what is going on. One sixth into it, I still have no idea where this is going. There is a bunch of descriptions on her (I forgot her name) time with her dog and just sitting around doing nothing. Sorry, I'll pass that.

  

--- 9. Of Poseidon (The Syrena Legacy, #1) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2012-05-15

So disappointed... And the ending! That was the WORST cliffhanger I have ever seen. Review to come.

  

--- 10. Hades (Halo, #2) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2012-05-13

I live in Hong Kong, and in Hong Kong the first language is Cantonese (quite similar to Chinese). So the English translated books are not sufficient in most bookstores. Anyways, I went to one in Koon Tong today and I went to the world literature section, where the Chinese translations usually were, and I saw this. In case you didn't catch the title, they were Hades (Halo #2) and The Savage Grace (The Dark Divine #3). The English translations of their names were Satan's Hostage (Spy Angel #2) and Blood War (Dark Atonement #3). Why? Isn't it terrifying that these two books were written at all? Why would anyone write a translation? Man, we had enough horrible books written in Chinese as it is, we don't need books like "Satan's Hostage" and "Blood War" adding to the list, thank you very much.

  

--- 11. One Moment (★★★☆☆) ---

Rated 3/5 on 2012-05-08

Before reading this review, please note that this is my opinion on One Moment by Kristina McBride and I respect any different thought. Feel free to comment to let me know! When their groups of friends went to their usual cliff-diving spot, they never expected Joey to die there. No one knew the reason he died, and the only person who was up there with him that time was his girlfriend, Maggie, who could not remember anything that happened on the cliff, let alone why Joey looked like he was falling unexpectedly when he hit the ledge with his head. The only thing that kept Maggie sane was her friends, but the more she looked into the strange lies Joey told in the last few weeks, the more she remembered how little things in her life proved their relationship failing and two of her friends, Shannon and Adam, seemed to be inextricably tied to Joey's secrets. This is a book that will leave you crying over a true heart-break, and give you a whole new perspective towards lies. I really liked Maggie, although One Moment only seemed to illustrate her weakest and darkest times, she was the perfect victim of the book. The next best thing was the realizations she made in the end, that the person she thought Joey is was only her wishful thinking and finally letting go. I have not enjoyed a book that focused on this realization bit since If I Stay, but damn if I loved this as much as I loved that. The plot was pretty predictable in the way that made you keep wishing that you were wrong about it but you knew you were right. One Moment was a book of truth and regrets; the four main characters (Maggie, Joey, Adam, Shannon) all had their own personality, despite the fact that they were stereotypical like the characters straight from Breakfast Club. Still, Kristina McBride got that bit right as well when she gave everyone of them parts to open up to their own pain so none of them was the stereotyped bitch. One Moment had me taken right after I started reading it, but that was all thanks to the gripping writing of Kristina McBride. On the other hand, I am not the biggest fan of the story going back and forth to the incidents from the past because they were there only acting as a supplement to Maggie's train of thoughts when she was putting pieces from the past together. So a simple image or snapshot, rather than having an entire chapter dedicated to it would suffice. Also, beside the four main characters, the other characters didn't really have a chance to show their personality at all. I mean, what were Pete and Tanna doing there except to fill the spot as best friends? Nothing, really. 3.5 stars out of 5. I really enjoyed reading it and it just gripped me from as soon as Joey died. I hope there will be a sequel from Joey's perspective because the lies and secrets he had was worth writing. Huge thanks to Egmont USA and NetGalley for this ARC. (Review originally posted on A Bluish-Green Blog)

  

--- 12. Revived (★★★☆☆) ---

Rated 3/5 on 2012-05-06

Before reading this review, please note that this is my opinion on Revived by Cat Patrick, and I respect any different thought. Revived began when Daisy Appleby was stung by a bee and died. Less than an hour later, she was brought back from the dead. However, that was not the first time she cheated death with an experimental drug called Revive; that had been the fifth time since a school bus she was in was hit when she was in kindergarten. Now known as Daisy West from a different state, she started a new life with a whole new identity with her guardian/ handler/ bodyguard/ FBI agents/ pseudo-parents, Mason and Cassie. She remained reclusive in her new school to avoid troublesome attention, but the gorgeous Matt from her English class and his beautiful, yet strangely friendless sister Audrey opened up to her immediately. The chemistry between them was instant and caustic; Audrey and Daisy became best friends and a possible relationship loomed between Matt and Daisy. Until Matt revealed their secret one day, the reason why the amiable and beautiful Audrey, someone who could have been so popular, received sad looks in the hallway--she had cancer, and it was killing her. That was part one of the story because everything changed in one chapter that I thought, oh man, what is this book going to talk about now? Let's call part one 'Audrey and their happy time together'. Then part two would be 'Revive and the post-Audrey depression', which consisted of Daisy and Matt trying to overcome Audrey's death and their conflict on the unfair use of Revive and Daisy's discovery of a conspiracy that involved nearly everyone in the book planned by the person-in-charge of the Revive project (known as God in the novel). Part one? It was alright, a very typical teen contemporary romance novel that incorporated an ordinary friendship and almost non-existent parental figures. I'd give it 2 stars out of 5 because there really wasn't much to read that I haven't. Part two? That was where the story picked up its pace. Audrey's death triggered a long period of depression in both Matt and Daisy's mind that seriously challenged their failing relationship, but it was evidential that they grew up from that childish, oh-he-is-so-gorgeous-that-is-entirely-why-I-am-dating-him personality. The things Daisy did to honor Audrey was genuine and sweet that made tears fall instantly. Also, since Revive was such a good idea (though, for reasons I don't know, books regarding that kept pouring into bookstores this year) that I kept thinking, come on, Cat, don't disappoint me and quickly get on with the Revive thing during the first part. So when Cat Patrick finally wrote about the drugs and took a route I did not think authors would take because of the risks following, I was impressed and very, very satisfied. I'd give part two 3.5 stars out of 5. Nonetheless, there are a lot of things to utilize in this book rather than Revive or focusing too much on the romance like following up with Daisy's fellow revived friend Megan and the description was quite awkward at times. For example: Matt puts his hands on my cheeks, cupping my jawbones. His powerful eyes are more intense than I've ever seen them. Powerful eyes??? Bewildered, I googled 'powerful eyes', clicked the first image that came out and it was this: Well then I guess Matt DOES have powerful eyes. And there is this other example: To say I'm caught off guard is the understatement of the century: I'm a lottery winner who didn't buy a ticket. Except that would be a good surprise. This is not. The use of 'except' were very bulky and graceless or even funny in Revived. But I guess some heartwarming moments of Daisy paying tribute to Audrey after she died made up for the lost cause. The ending was simply anti-climatic--you had Daisy stung by a load of bees and then she fainted. When she woke up it was Mason who told her how unadorned the whole arrest went. Given that the villain(s) of the book spent so much time plotting and had high intelligence, the detaining process couldn't be more out-of-character and unreasonable. The good thing during the hospital scene was Mason telling his story (very interesting) and finally connecting with Daisy. Still, since Mason had such an interesting background, it seemed wasted that he was practically absence and robotic during the most part of the book. As 2 plus 3.5 and then divided by 2 is 2.75, I would round it up to 3 because I truly love Mason naming Daisy in the end with his own, real last name and how beautiful Daisy and Audrey's friendship was illustrated after she died. So instead of crying when I think of her, I talk to her. I make her playlists. I cover my wall with chalkboard paint and write a list of things that were great about her. I "like" Jake Gyllenhaal on Facebook. Typing it made my eyes swim again, dang it! What's better is the cover. Both of them. Gorgeous. (Review originally posted on A Bluish-Green Blog)

  

--- 13. The Marriage Bargain (Marriage to a Billionaire, #1) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2012-03-30

This book is filled with unintentional laughs. Seriously. This book is hilarious, and it is not a compliment. Let's not mention that the plot is a cliche, everything is predicted, the way the characters behave are too perfect to be true in their own way, not one character is ugly, the dialogues practically tell you the worst thing to expect in a relationship. No sex equals no jealousy. No overly emotional woman equals no love. No messiness equals a perfect marriage. And... "Someone who spends all your money and nags you every night and bitches about cleaning up your mess." There's more. He'd been crazy to wait this long. He should have known sex was the fastest way to ensure a relationship settled. Not finished yet. And what if the Yankees went to the World Series this year? She'd have to deal with his lousy arrogance and patronizing smiles. Oh God... AND whenever there is a crisis, at least one of them will suddenly appear to be naked. "Make you? Make you?" His fingers twisted around a wad of silky, satiny fabric as he fought for a shred of control. When the haze finally cleared his vision, Nick blinked and looked down. Then realized his wife was naked. Her lime-green robe had slid down over her shoulders and now gaped open. Her sash slipped unnoticed to the floor. He expected to catch a glimpse of some lacy negligee to made to incite a man's lust. He got much more. Jesus, she was perfect. Sometimes Alexa, the lead girl, could not make a stranger conclusion on people. Gabriella spoke in a clipped manner. "Fine. I'll leave. I needed to see for myself who he chose over me." Her expression informed Alexa she didn't understand Nick's decision. "I'll be out of town for a bit. I committed to help in Haiti with some of the rebuilding." Oh. My. God. She was a humanitarian. The woman looked perfect, had money, and actually helped people. Alexa's heart sank. With a woman as condescending and bitchy and fake as Gabriella, Alexa would actually think that she was a perfect angel? Have you ever heard of any supermodel literally helping Haiti with some of the rebuilding. Yes, I have heard of a few cases of them helping Haiti. But really being there to rebuild? Never. Alexa would also be turned on by everything Nick did. Even in cases like this, he was still sexy as hell. He wore an apron tonight over his faded jeans and T-shirt, Instead of softening his masculinity, the plain black apron emphasized lean hips, a broad chest, and a magnificent butt. His grace and ease in such a domestic environment made her breath hitch just a bit. So that is why french maid costumes were made to put on guys. Oh wait, they were not. It's an apron. Calm down. ... Drowning in the taste of Scotch and male heat. He parted her legs and tortured her with... What is a male heat? ...her second shock of the night when he smiled down at her-- a dangerous, masculine smile that promised unspoken pleasures... What is a masculine smile? Nick kept his hand locked on Alexa's and led her over to the coatroom, determined not to let her out of his sight. In a few hours, she'd be in the only place where she couldn't get in any trouble. And it wasn't over any rainbow. It was in his bed. No shit, Sherlock. I am not as dumb as you think. No need to be so blunt. Son of a bitch. He was in love with his wife. Yep, falling in love with his wife was definitely the most horrifying, the worst thing the world could offer. Oh the humanity. The Marriage Bargain is so funny it is like Breaking Dawn, Part 1. It is full of, and I quote from a few critics, "unintentional laughs that make this funny and not boring." True, I was never bored when reading this since this was quite short and unthinkably bad dialogue could jump out everywhere. I could not give this one star this is so hilarious. 1.5 stars out of 5.

  

--- 14. Across The Hall (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2012-03-06

Wow. I can't believe a contemporary novel could plagiarize Twilight so much that I knew it 10 pages into this. First there is the ridiculously similar characters (Kai as Alice, Kerri as Rosaline, Kelly as the single father), and then there is the stalkerish bad guy that stole something from the female MC to lure her, finally there is this infodump style of narration where both POVs would see something and describe it immediately and give off all the things, even those completely unnecessary. 2 doors out of five, I can feel the love, just not everything else.

  

--- 15. Anew (The Archers of Avalon, #1) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2012-03-04

A pretty girl that dies after meeting immortal hot guys and returns years later with no memory, only to repeat the history. Um, no thank you, I have read Fallen already and I am still having nightmares.

  

--- 16. Perception (Clarity, #2) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2012-03-04

** spoiler alert ** Before reading this review, please remember that this is my opinion on Perception by Kim Harrington and I respect any different thought. Upon solving the great mystery in the last summer, Clare had become a local celebrity in her high school and part of the popular crowd. The one girl she wanted to be friends with, however, was a loner and a nobody called Mallory. She was nice, she was considerate, and she was a close friend to another girl, Sierra, who had recently gone missing. No one was close to Mallory before, so Clare could find nothing to help her with her investigation except for her gift to find out the past of something by touching it. Meanwhile, she recieved cards, notes and gifts from a secret admirer, though neither Justin, her cheating ex-boyfriend, nor Gabriel, her partner in her last case, admitted to have done that, and then her secret admirer turned into a complete stalker and crept her out. Just when Clare thought she had everything figured out, everything went ballistic and seemed to link together, except that maybe this time she really was too late, and none of the boys could stop the tragedy. Maybe it is my fault to read this book immediately after watching the suspense thriller Identity (a movie adaption of Agatha Christie's And Then There Was None) where the killer was so unpredictable I thought it was all a good joke and that Identity was actually a comedy, but that was what I called a mystery, not a simple story which I knew who the killer was as long as that he or she appeared. For a mystery, there had to be some guessing involved and some proper hints given. The so-called investigation done by Clare was loosely done and was strictly unprofessional. I know she was not a professional, but you would have thought that a girl with her ability would have done thing more smoothly and more maturely, not like a 7-year-old player detective and run around with her halloween costume and magnifying glasses. Nothing Clare did in her investigation was helful or informative, and Perry's discovery was revealed so late into the story it did almost nothing to readers that know nothing because of how little Kim Harrington revealed. And the hints were so vague and scarce it was almost impossible for readers to guess. Well then, the question is, how did I guess correctly? There are three reasons. First, I learned something after reading this and Pandemonium this week, and that is, if one part of a book reminds me some much of a similar plot in another media, it will very likely adapted the rest of the story as well. For example, in Pandemonium, I think the love triangle reminded me of that in Chuck, the tv series, so I know Alex was alive like Bryce was. In Clarity, this reminded me of Mercy, where the killer was specialized in capturing gifted musicians. I will give Clarity some credit for being a better mystery than Mercy because that was really badly done, but the plot matched so well I doubted why did no one informed Kim Harrington that she should avoid the clash and possibly being accused of plagiarizing. Mercy and Clarity both were not the most popular of all YA, but still there are a lot that read them. Why couldn't she write something else? At least change the prisoners' connection if you are going to write a book. I do not want to read the same book twice published under another author's name, people. Second of all, when that character was introduced, it was stuffed so forcefully I wondered why is Clarity describing this, and then it all clicked. Of course, she must introduce the killer for a while first before revealing who he or she was. When I read that part, I almost laughed because of the ridiculousness of it and how obvious Kim Harrington is being. There is no fun in the entire mystery now, is there? Third, there are no new characters introduced in this that actually had any line to say except for three, Sierra's mother, Mallory and our killer. It would be too easy if it was Mallory, Sierra's mother had zero personality and almost no extra description was made for her, and we have a winner. At first when I saw the number of pages this book had I thought there was going to be more to the last Justin/Gabriel love triangle going on, and there was, but most of the thing here is complete useless and the biggest mystery of this book remained to the reason why Kim Harrington had to spend so many paper on her high school life. Don't get me wrong, I love stories set in high school, I am a huge fan of John Hughes, I don't mind reading about girls using facebook and twitter to gossip. What I do mind, though, is when too many side plots I do not care about dominate most part of the book. While both Clarity and Perception did not focus on the actual thing going on which is the mystery, Clarity leaned more on the love triangle while Perception almost abandoned the entire thing and took up the high school gossips. I enjoyed reading the bits and box of high school triviality in Deadly Cool because it felt like part of the novel, it was funny and it built the characters' personalities. In Perception, however, it was a complete mess. She did not focus on anything to talk about. I could be reading about Kendra, a rich blonde I did not care about because of how fake and stupid she was, in one paragraph and then in the next one I could be hearing about Brendan, a popular guy I also did not care about because he was there solely in fill in the blanks in the Kendra/Tiffany love triangle, another relationship I did not understand. And then several consecutive chapters would be dedicated to Clare and her toys, aka Justin and Gabriel. Why they were so obsessed with getting Clare and no other was beyond me, I guess I would have to believe that Clare was really hot, but all I knew about her appearance was that she was a short redhead. Nothing else. At least in Clarity I was mildly interested in Clare's exchange with Gabriel because he had a fascinating grudge for psychics, but here I do not care about anything at all. Fine, I am quite intrigued by Perry's panic attacks and Mallory's crush on him, despite how little those two parts were taken. And then it was silence, again. There are a lot of holes opened here and left untouched in the end, which I guess would have to wait for the next book to be filled. Not that I cared, but there is enough side plots and potential relationships here I do not think it is necessary for Kim Harrington to write about new characters and stuff. In fact, I am going to say it right here right now that the new love triangle in the next book in the series will be surrounding Clare's mom with her dad taking a strange role in her life again, maybe in disguise, and Nate, Perry's best friend, might confess with Clare or he would be the hero and steal Clare away from her toys. Those were only a few of the things I do not give a flying fever about to be introduced in the coming book, the rest are even more horrible. 1 eye out of five, I seriously must say I am surprised to be giving this such a low rating because I actually waited for this book to release. I quite enjoyed Clarity, and this is the disappointment of the year with Clarity wasting all her energy on shopping and gossiping with friends instead of trying to make herself useful with her handy gift. I know this sounded bad, but I hope something will happen between this and the coming book that transform her into a more matured person with a faint idea of being responsible.

  

--- 17. Pandemonium (Delirium, #2) (★★★☆☆) ---

Rated 3/5 on 2012-03-02

** spoiler alert ** Befopre reading this review, please remember that this is my opinion on Pandemonium by Lauren Oliver, and I respect any different thought. Lena was saved by the Invalids, the race that had always been branded by her as beasts and savages, and started a life as one of them outside the fence that protected them from the cured, real maniac. She had lost Alex, she knew he was dead, killed when protecting her, brought down by the horrible people in the fence that thought love should be banished and created cures for it. Her life without Alex and Hana and Grace was hard at first, thought she managed to live, to shy away from bits and bits of the old Lena with the help of the headstrong leader Raven. Difficult as the rebelling was, there was nothing stopping the outsiders now because of their fight for their home, for freedom, for love. Assigned to keep a watchful eye on the leader of the cured society's uncured son, Julian, Lena followed him to a underground room once in a disrupted conference to find the a tribe of brutal outsiders kidnapping Julian. She was spotted, so she ended up locked in a cell with him. Eventually they planned to escape, but everything did not seem to make sense when things got too handy and convenient. The relationship between Lena, Julian and Alex reminded me of that between Sarah, Chuck and Bryce in Chuck, the US tv series about a nerdy guy who had no idea he had a supercomputer in his head and subsequently recruited by CIA as a special agent. Anyways, Chuck knew nothing about espionage but sometimes gave very productive suggestions that got him and his team out of troubles, much like how Julian seemed to be, except that Julian was not comical or too talkative for his own good. Sarah, the Lena in this, was initially Chuck's enermy and posed as a ninja in the first episode to steal his computer. She was in love with another veteran agent named Bryce, who was thought to be dead in the first season but showed up suddenly in the end of the season to say that he was saved and put to care secretly by the CIA. It isn't much of a twist that Alex was alive because even Lena, our narrator in the first-person narrative described his death so vaguely and wanted him so much to be with her that she hallucinated readers could almost guess that Lena had seen wrong of his death. Also, Lena never directly addressed the readers that he was dead since telling Julian that did not count as directly addressing us. The biggest giveaway is that this trilogy does not end here, there is going to be a sequel and love triangles are always what authors go for to spice up the grand finale. So Sarah was torn between her old love and her new affection, like how Lena was. Personally I like Chuck very much for Chuck's witty comments and how utterly useless he was. I am not much attracted to the love triangle between those three, plus there are plenty of those in Chuck, five seasons really gave Sarah many chances to meet other cool, aloof spies (exhibit A: Brandon Routh) so her romance with Bryce was not what I care when watching it. Though in Chucl you knew he was going to get the girl because he was the main character in this, and in Pandemonium you do not know who she would choose because Lena spent the first book with Alex, where she was lied to and scared of the thought of falling in love; and the second book with Julian, where she was strong and dare to love all she wanted. Still I think Lauren Oliver will pull a Chuck and Sarah on this one, just a guess, and because of the fact that their relationship had been so much like that of Chuck's the formula is most likely going to work on them again. That was the setting, but on the emotional level this reminded me of Stay because of how Alex seemed to weaken her and make her all lovey dovey and girly and how Julian made her a better person so she could stay on her feet and fight against the rest of the world. In Stay, the old love made her weak and vulnerable and changed her into a worse person while the new love was like a stray of light that calmed her and truly the one for her. That is exactly why I dislike Alex that much-- he was not good for Lena and transformed her into such a weakling I gave Delirium all together a low rating. It did not matter how much in love they were, they were bad for each other like couples in abusive relationship. Despite how much I wanted him to stay away from Lena, he had to come back with a destructive comment, and guess what, Lena would still be completely sweeped off her feet by his shining auburn hair. Arrrrgh! There are many new, interesting characters introduced in Pandemonium and it was tons of fun knowing their backstories so they became solid and less of a supporting cardboard. There was a story to everyone, of course we get to know more about Raven and Julian the most, but others had potentials and were full of personality despite how short their appearance in Pandemonium was. However, as a dystopian novel, it is crucial for it to describe more regarding the environment and write more on the world building. Readers have beem quite familiarized with the system and basic rules to live in their world, but the outlook of everything matters the most. Moreover the thought of living without love is a very strong and proud premise to write, so the descriptions on their technology, living environment, wealth gap are other things powerful to present an utopian. The first two books were done, there is only one book left now, it might be too late for anymore new advances on Lauren Oliver's approach on Lena's narrative or for the readers to read about that when the finale is supposed to be less on the world building and more on the huge climax. Another thing I have against Pandemonium is Lena's life with the Invalids. This is divided by two parts, one about her life now (meeting Julian, escaping with him) and her life in the past (set right after she was rescued by the Invalids). I do think it is great to include how harsh her life initially was outside the fence, but in here it spent a little less than half the book to fill us on the details when it is not entirely necessary. Pandemonium can still be read from cover to cover without those parts. As I have mentioned, I enjoyed reading their backstories, but too much snapshots were redundant and slowed down the pace and great deal. On the contrary, Lena and Julian's escape were bounded to be more interesting than that especially when they had help from rat-man. RAT-MAN! How can you not love someone who had one white-milky eye, communicated with rats and was almost scared of the sun! I hope there would be catching up to his story in the next book, but I do not want extra stories of Lena's Invalids friends, not when Lauren Oliver would spend half the book telling us that. One more thing, Raven and Tack (another Invalid friend) gave Lena some tools before letting her go on her mission, one of those tools was a book with notes in it. WHY couldn't they have just told her is something I would never understand and I think it was quite stupid to spend your time writing in a book instead of telling her personally, which would take, like, five minutes. 3 umbrellas out of 5. This is far from a perfect book with its loopholes spooking around every other pages, but this is a huge improvement from the boring prequel. The proses were quite beautiful until the near end but the continuity with Lena's mother was too short; perhaps the final book could be less risky on the planning and take off the love triangle labyrinth.

  

--- 18. Epic Fail (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2012-01-11

Before reading this review, please remember that this is my opinions on Epic Fail by Claire LaZebnik, and I respect any comment on this book and this review. Also, I wrote this the day after reading it, but the same day I read another modern YA adaption of Pride and Prejudice, so I may confuse the two. Elise and Juliana arrived to a new school for rich and famous kids with their new principle mother and maths teacher father. Immediately outcasted from other obnoxious students, Elise stuck with her sister, who caught Chase's eyes. So much so hase, his best friend, Derek, and his sister/Derek's biggest fan, Chelsea, started to hang out with them. Despite Elise's determination that all students were spoil brats, she and Derek enjoyed each other's refreshing company, until Webster came along. Elise fell for his charm and humor, giving him all her trust. Curious of Derek and Webster sudden change of behavior whenever they saw each other, Elise got an answer from Derek that their childhood friendship ended when Derek went insane over Webster and his sister's romance. Convinced by his story, Elise thought adamantly that Derek was a snob. Her friendship with Webster grew stronger as that with Derek ceased to exist. Then Derek lied to her about being sick to attend a party with her, Elise decided that maybe Derek's relentless warning could be the truth, that she might have judged them wrongly. Needless to elaborate the obvious reminscents between this and Jane Austen's masterpiece, Pride and Prejudice, even the first letter of their names resembled those to P&P. I am not going to compare these two, I mean, its P&P we are talking about, unless Epic Fail is going to appear on the top 100 21st century books list, which was less than unlikable, as the name suggested, Epic Fail, get it? Epic... Never mind. I keed, it was very unfair to compare, though. Nevertheless, I am still going to write about how well LaZabnik did in creating a whole new set of character corresponding to those to the Grandma chick-lit. I have no idea why Elise and Derek were a couple. Why was he attracted to her? The first time they had a proper conversation was when they talked about Oscar Wilde because, of course, NO ONE in the entire upper-class school knew a shrill about the famous author, they could only relate to each other regarding any matter clever. The next thing I knew, they were having some alone time playing ping pong with his hand covering hers. Something must have happened between these two incidents as I can find nothing more than insults and smirks they threw to each other; their IQ and cynical remarks were two of their few common features that could persuasively lead to a life-long friendship, but not a romance. Even if Derek was appealed to Elise, she was a pain in the backside whenever he spoke of anything relating to money or warned her against Webster. Again and again she said something insulting, and Derek still came back and talk to her. Was he that in need of a friend that he would do anything you could to keep her including tormenting jibes and cold-shoulders. Why was his name Webster Grant? I was mildly obsessed with dictionaries, so I fell in love with him the moment he said his name. Seriously, I laughed for like 6 minutes until a classmate complained it was giving her a headache. I rooted for him through the entire first 100 pages right before he proved himself to be a psychopath. I knew Elizabeth Bennet was constantly rebuffing anything Mr. Darcy said, but the difference between Elise and her was that Elizabeth had more evidence to dislike him, while Elise was more like blind. When Derek told her about Webster's lies, she did not listen. Fine. She did not trust a proud stranger, I will give her that. Then her older sister Juliana tried to talk reson with her, what did she do? Nothing. She would rather trust the word of a boy that was nice to her than that of her sister? All right, she was love drunk. After that, Webster lied to her and his deeds were revealed, he made up some lame excuse that technically was too amiral to be called 'excuse', Elise still believed that he was right, every one else were bad. She wanted to convince me that she was bright like Miss Bennet, she could not even make one decision without causing further trouble, let alone being branded as intelligent and mature. I have already established that Derek was a relentless masochist that should really find a shrink to cure his ultra-ego and rejection addiction. I could not imagine a school with approximately 2 thousand students including staff would all be so vile and money-lust that he was relieved and suddenly attracted to her. I am ot saying that he was a horrible person for assuming the worst of people and being a whine baby all the time and even more brooding and pained than Edward Cullen. Epic Fail's plot surrounded too much on Juliana and Chase's relationship, whatever Derek and Elise did always have something to do with them or was the reaction for their action. He was a very sweet and loving character (not Juliana, I'll get to you later sweetheart), though they had totally opposite best friend or sister. However, they were only supporting characters, despite interesting their plotline was, the rest of the book could not be too reliable on this, or ruled completely by it. I know, I know, P&P also spent quite a number of pages on it, but all Elise and Juliana talked about was how great she was with Chase, how he looked at her, how sweet he was, yade-yade-yada... It was not until later when Derek and Elise were finally a couple did they have some alone time together and talked about something non-exam related or J&C related. By the way, in the few pages where the attention of the sister's relationship was on Elise, she was a downright bitch and self-absorbed that thought she was the romance guru, when she was as clueless in that as she could be. She kept telling Elise that she should believe Derek when she did not know what happen. No one did, except for him, Webster, Chase and their families, Elise would usually turn the subject back to her relationship status so loudly, she might act reluctant for exactly 0.2 second, and she would gladly mumble how awesome Chase was without considering her dearest sister's relationship downfall. What a caring and considerate sister I would KILL to have. In When Harry Met Sally, the best-friends-turned-lovers also helped matchmaking their best friends, though that took at most 10 minutes in the movie, that was very entertaining and it implied that Harry and Sally had not so platonic feelings for each other. It greatly improved their relationship and was useful for future events shown, not ruled the rest of it, much like this book did. 1.5 love notes ot of five. Epic Fail was an enjoyable, yet plain and unoriginal adaption of a well-known book that had been remade one too many times. I sincerely hope there could be a YA adaption that put in new ideas of the modern society to the class discrimination, maybe put intelligence in money's place, then they would have a similar, yet entirely new story that grasp our attention. Now that I think about it, a book summary about a male genius and a female idiot falling in love was used in a Taiwanese TV series called It Started With A Kiss.

  

--- 19. The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight (★★★☆☆) ---

Rated 3/5 on 2012-01-07

Before reading this review, please note that this is my opinions on The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight by Jennifer E. Smith, and I respect any other thoughts on this. Hadley had never missed a flight in her entire life, when she did it this time, she missed it by four minutes. Four minutes led to waiting a few more hours of waiting for a new one, and less time to prepare for her father's wedding. Saddened by her miscalculation and misfortune, she found help from a cute british boy, Oliver, who assisted her in the busy waiting area and on the plane. Within that short hours they spent together in the terminal and the plane, Hadley sought comfort amist her claustrophobia and her bigger fear in meeting her father and new stepmother from Oliver. Oliver was a perfect gentlement to Hadley, though both of them fidgeted when they talked about their families. After the plane had landed, they parted ways with reluctance. Hadley had been dreading for the moment of the wedding forever, and despite of the bliss she found in Oliver, she was still horrified by the idea of having a new mother instead of the caring one she had now that just had a fight with Hadley. Hadley realized that maybe things might not be how they seem, that rule worked on both Hadley's new parents and Oliver. Completely traumatised by the divorce her parents had two years ago, Hadley still had issues with facing her father without reminiscing about his betrayal in England. Now on her flight to the country that swallowed him, she knew she had to pretend or act. Basically, Hadley was cynical about everything nuptial, with her father's cheating burnt so deep in her bones you could not expect anything more from her. However, when such a sweet guy was sitting next to you, trying his best to distract you from the to-be worst night of your life, you would think that she should be less pessimistic towards anything. Laughing is good for your health, Hadley. "sinking! The whole city! Can you believe it?" She frowns in moch seriousness. "That does sound quite important!" Mock seriousness? Venice was sinking! The art, hertages and sceneries, gone! Much less talk about the GNP of Italy and millions of people losing jobs. Venice was sinking, and you were more worried about your stepmother? It was very obvious that he was in love with you, Hadley, no normal guy would want to sit next to a pessimist and chat with her relentlessly until she forget about her claustrophobia and horrible parents for 10 hours. How can you not see that? Albeit her lack of interest in life, Hadley was merely a girl lost in adolescence. She was extremely lucky to have Mr. Right here to cheer her up, and they had great chemistry together. They had me convinced that they were absolutely affected by the spark shimmering between them simply by their lovely conversations. "Exactly. And my family certainly never looked the way I drew them." "Stick figures?" "Come on now," he says. "Give me a little credit. They had hands and feet, too." The dialogues are the best thing about this book, aside from their apparent chemistry and admiration. It was witty and quick, back and forth but it never felt forced or weird. Although they had only knew each other for a short time, they had shared more secrets than to other people. According to Hadley, that was the perks of being on a plane with a charmng companion since you could get off it and never see that person again for the rest of your life, your brief friendship ended there. But readers knew it will not end there just from there conversations, you knew they both had heavy family burdens on their shoulders, you would not stop rooting for them to be together to be complete. Nevertheless, the plot was very much predictable and cliche, especially when the stepmother turned out to be one of the nicest, most beautiful milf of all time. It was a sweet ending to a sweet book, with the whole the prince came back even when they had a fight chivalrous, yet used in 50s movies. The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight reminded me of Roman Holiday, in which Princess Anya went away from her protective bodyguards and the busy social life she hated for a day and fell in love with a journalist. They shared a few passionate kisses before parted ways, but knew clearly that they could never be together with their respective positions and soical standing. Roman Holiday ended with a crowd of journalists, including the love interest, asking Anya questions and shaking hands while introducing themselves to her. The protagonists looked at each other with recognition, acceptance and love in their eyes with they shook hands, then they went separate ways for the last time. I am not saying that Hadley and Oliver should not be together after the wholesome 24 hours they spent together; they should, though maybe Smith could consider writing the ending a little differently to bring out the deeper meaning of love, especially the love illustrated here (love at first sight), a rather critical and risky route to choose, yet I would enjoy reading a YA romance novel that had the whole package with a thought-provoking final chapter and adorable romance. A 24 hours setting was usually very exciting and sad, as the end of the day would mean the end of their journey shared. I appreciate the writer leaving out the aftermath of their relationship and their "we'll make this work" talk because we all know what that means after watching Like Crazy. Nonetheless, the 24 hours were not exploited to their full potential while theu were on the plane. They could do a lot more than to talk about their family issues, especially an airplane with everyone asleep. They got to know each other, but Oliver and Hadley did not do anything together. In Before Sunrise, a movie about things a just-met couple did in less than 12 hours, they stole wine, played games in a pub, walked along roads of paris, talked about themselves, had sex... They did plenty of things! That was a classic, a movie every one must see before they die, and that would not have been that successful if the whole time they only talked. Whilst I enjoy their funny dialogues, I would also love to see a mischievous side of them, disregarding anything happening with their lives. I had read them, and that was not enough. 3 arrows out of 5. It was an enjoyable book, but sometimes when the book satisfied so many criteria in a romance novel, it was time to step it up and went deeper with its philosophies and try to had a rather special plot that looked out of the box.

  

--- 20. Incarnate (Newsoul, #1) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2012-01-06

Before reading this review, please note that this is my opinions on Incarnate by Jodi Meadows, and I respect any other thoughts. Also, I did not finish reading it. In a distant future, scientists discovered that all the souls would reincarnate every time their bodies detoriorated. So they invented devices to recognise their souls and made them remember their past lives. Among the millions of souls being reincarnated, Ciana's never came back when a temple went black, and five years later, a newsoul came. All the citizens in Heart thought Ana stole Ciana's place on earth and took their fear and awe as anger and prejudice. Now 18-year-old, Ana decided to find out more about herself amist the disapprovals and gossips. While she was on her journey to Heart, she encountered a sylph. Luckily, a camper near by saved her from the venomous creature and took care of her when she in turn saved him and was injured. Sam and Ana continued going to Heart after she was better rested, but her reputations gave them an unfortunate disadvantage to carrie on her studies. Meanwhile, Ana discovered that 'Sam' was actually short for 'Dossam', a legendary man she greatly admired in books, hence their relationship was strained. Then Sam's gorgeous friend Stef came to visit and told them about a masquerade ball they had to attend... And that was when I decided that I could not read this. What this book failed at the most is the horrendous dialogues. Ana and Sam could be having a perfectly normal platonic conversation, then Sam would say something out of the blue that make Ana extremely uncomfortable and blurt out all her secrets even though she made it absolutely clear beforehand that she did not want to talk about it. Then Ana would take a romantic turn in their conversation by keep giving him hints and pressed too close to Sam. Sam would turn away or end their dialogue, Ana might squirm in awkwardness. Before I knew it, I had stopped reading Incarnate. Sam was five thousand years old, but had a body of 18; Ana was 18 years old, and had a body of that age. What was the difference between this romance and that of a vampire and a human disregarding the entire I-want-to-drink-your-blood charade here? No, and what did that make Sam? Edward Cullen, aka Pedophile. Not only that. Mr. Pedo also happened to be really creepy. ...because he brushed a strand of hair from my eyes and said, "say the words. Ask" Mr. Pedo here was just telling Ana that he had a really cool Mp1000 that played music, something Ana enjoyed listening to, and that Ana could listened to it if she asked. Sam was a very normal person who took care of the damsel in distress, and he suddenly got a character transplant and seemed to turn into this seductive succubus that took little girls' virginaties and told her to get lost on 1am after he had gotten his fill. Not ok, Ana darling, not ok. His creepiness did not stop there. He told Ana lies, such as their his identity, what he did at night. And apparently, Ana was so intimidated by this Qian Nian Lao Yao (Chinese for thousand years old ancient monster) that she did not question him. I do not know if the questions were answered later on in the book, and I am not interested enough to find out either. He might be her mentor, and that meant Ana could not dwell with his privacy, but she was living under your roof! Shouldn't there be some laws against your roommate/questionable sociopath? Now, I am not five thousand years old, and I have never met one, so I do not know how they act. I would guess they act like my grandfather, take his personality and multiply it by 63, that would mean Sam loved doing the following things: Talking non-stop about his glorious past, especially those involved fighting in wars. Check. Being over-protective to those younger than he was. Check. Thinking that he was much smarter and wiser than anyone else and unknowingly emphasize his age all the time. Check. Ignoring people's advice. Check Taking on responsibilities because he thought he could have easily gotten away with anything with his age. Check. Doing reckless things and not being caught with it. Check. Those under 60 should know how annoying those things could be. And if its is multiplied by 63, it is a flying disaster. That was exactly what everyone in this book is! A FLYING DISASTER. Except for Ana, of course, but teenagers have their problems as well, especially when everyone around them are so superbly annoying. Being abused by her mother since a young age, Ana had trust issues and was decribed by Mr. Pedo as the most cynical person he had ever met. However, after 2 weeks into meeting Mr. Pedo, it seemed as if she abandoned those trust issues. So much for being abused for 18 years. It did not matter how kind Mr. Pedo was, he could have been a major sociopath (which a pedophile was qualified as) who secretly wanted to hand you to Billy the Saw puppet, or made you fall in love with him and stepped back at the last second and denied his feelings, practically driving you crazy with his hot-and-cold game, which he did. FOR THE MOST PART OF THE BOOK. Ana was a huge admirer of a person called Dossam, whom Sam eventually revealed to be, and had been dying to meet him in person. When Sam told her, she suddenly got horny, pressed dangerously close to him and hoped for a little kiss. You admired him, Ana, you were not some creepy stalker chick who claimed to be in love with Bieber and would have given him a blowjob if they had seen him. Instead, you would sit down like a grown woman and talked to him about his inspirations and childhood dreams and all, not almost giving him a lap dance. Stef had been Sam's friend for five thousand years and she was a 'she' this time. Though they claimed to be friends only, I suspect something more was underneath that old relationship. There was a tone about her voice not the same flirty teasing as before, that made me think she wasn't really asking on my behalf. Stef was trying to persuade Sam to go to a masquerade ball here and used Ana as an excuse. He was your friend, probably your best friend for a really long time, and Stef could have been a boy! What was going on? This whole reincarnation charade had been used before, all the ones I have read made me face-palm myself. Examples are Fallen, My Name is Memory. Those two books made me want to sue the publishers, and burn every single copy. I thought there was going to be more of the dytopian thing going on, where everyone is extra smart, graceful, talented, fast, but if my religion was Buddhism, where the reincarnation idea originated from, I would very likely drop my religion. If that was how it worked, I just could not comprehend the whole idea of the society, which is pretty much the same when there could have been socialism and gender problems. What about racism? Did that exist? The society was not special at all, except the laws made against Ana, and I could not believe Ana was so hated by all the citizen. Five thousand years was a long time, I think some of them secretly wanted to end their times on earth and take a rest, or maybe have some humanity and help the poor girl. Apparently, only Mr. Pedo was wise enough to see the problem here, and he was a Pedophile. 1 butterfly out of 5. I weep for you, Ana, find a new boy.

  

--- 21. The Hunger Games (The Hunger Games, #1) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2012-01-03

Before reading this review, please remember that this is my opinions on The Hunger Games, and I respect any other thoughts on this. In a distant future, 13 districts were ruled by the Capital. After a failed revolution, DCistrict 13 was perished, the other 12 districts must sacrifice 2 teenagers, a boy and a girl, to participate in the Hunger Games, a dead-or-alive contest where the 24 chosen ones were locked in an ominous arena until only one was left. Katniss Everdeen came from District 12, the poorest one of all. With the unfortunate event of her beloved sister Primrose chosen, she volunteered for the Games to fight against the other tributes, including her fellow district tribute, Petta Mellark, who saved her lide and gave her hope when she was small. As the Games progress, one by one the tributes die, either from the death traps in the arena and the slaughter of the others, no one was save, even the popular starcrossed lovers of District 12. As a heroin, Katniss played her part really well, she was brave, strong, compassionate (at times), and a born fighter. Her practice of hunting from all the years came handy in the arena, her magnificent skills in archery helped her in killing others. However, as a leading individual, Katniss was bland, too aloof to become a likeable character. I know she was not, but she gave me the feeling of being conceited as if she was somewhat better than the others. That was Peeta's job, archer, your job was to bring fire and blood for us! What she needed was not Peeta's love, byt the 'magic touch' she lacked to our liking. Sespite I knew of her hometown and horrible life styles, I wish I could read more proses of her personal traits, both in District 12 and the arena. She was annoying, not that what she said is repugnant, it was her unapproachable nature that irritated me to the gut. She could not listen to orders when every vibe of my body screamed 'Run. Listen. Run.' In her defense, she did not even consider any other choices, as if she knew she would always be correct, when she could have done something else that was so logical, so right. Her best and most distinctive nature was her protectiveness and love for her sister. Other than that, she was one ignorant, stubborn little prick who had a stroke, or strokes of luck that helped her. The other characters were agreeable enough (except for our loverboys, yes, plural, but I'll get to that later), at least they tolerated their little burden. Peeta and Gale, who should I start with first? Gale Hawthorne, the 'the local hottie' of the book, was in love with Katniss, who Katniss saw as her brother/hunting partner/best friend... Anything but boyfriend. Gale was solely a supporting character in The Hunger Games, but would make more appearances in later installments of the book. Although he was genuinely kind and caring towards Katniss, I could not understand why he would fall for her. Sure, they had known each other for 4 years and had been friends ever since, their story and understanding together would not bring love. Also, at a point of the book Katniss decribed how they looked alike so much so Gale could be her brother without raising any suspicion, which somehow reminded me of incest, deduced by him attracted to her because of their similar look. I'm just saying. Peeta, Peeta, Peeta. At first, I found this character so pleasant I fell in love with him. Then I realize he was also a very unexciting character. Like Katniss, his main motivation in The Hunger Games was to sae the one he lvoed (Katniss). If he did not lvoe her, he would be a tastless combatant that could do nothing to this book at all, neither the plot nor the overall structure could have been changed. Peeta would have been killed in the initial bloodbath, Katniss would die in the most gruesome way imaginable by Clove, Cato would have been crowned as the winner. One part of the book decribed a three-minute interview before the Games, our bland heroin was presented as dull according to her mentor's own words, but our supporting Peeta was humorous and fun. Where did that come from? And more importantly, where did that go? Was he that good an actor? Could you play, uh, I don't know, humorous for the rest of the book as well? Surprise! The romance was bland! Well, with the two leading characters equally dull, you cannot expect anything more, can you? It was there merely to compromise with YA-romance addicts, and I, by my own admission, am one. But it is poorly written without any spark, let alone chemistry. Even Katniss's parents' romance, which was described in one short paragraph, sounded more convincing and lovely than this. To be fair, that was not what the series was about, and I have to give some credit to Collins for not turning the rest of the series into a romance-driven typical YA. Nonetheless, the unadorned romance was so plain that it was just, there, doing nothing, standing in the way. The 'the Hunger Games' idea was less than unoriginal, as various books and movies have done it before. Among them the best known interpretation was a Japanese novel, Battle Royale, in which a bunch of Japanese high school students were stuck on an island to kill each other. Nevertheless, in comparison, Battle Royale showed more humanity and confidence tricks between the competitors, while The Hunger Games wrote more on the society and world building, which, on the structural level, was wonderful, but on the visual level, was not so wonderful. It should spend more words on its visual descriptions, though adequate, was not beautiful or anywhere near world-shattering as the 'Tron' world it presumably was trying to present could have been. Still, the dystopian world was very well-written with a flawless system that made perfect sense, readers could feel the grieve and gloominess clouding the district people. Back to the Battle Royale, where the true colours of students were shown so vividly and cruelly, was non-existent in the Hunger Games. I was so sure Collins would follow that route at some point, and I was wrong. I am not saying that The Hunger Games should build the entire story on the hatred and goriness, but the arena had so much potential to shine that way that it was both a let down and a pity for it to go down the waste, not giving it the slightest attention. 2 districts out of 5. A great premise wasted, but then again, dystopian novels have to fulfil a much higher mission than other types of novels, and it was way harder to write everything correctly while fitting the majority's taste. It was brave of Collins to work on an uncommon type and challenge herself, though. This is not the classic tale that the publishers and all the teenagers brainwashing you to believe, far from it actually, but this is a brave and refreshing take nonetheless, and successfully bringing dystopian novels back in the market. However, the minimum amount dedicated to the weariness, the suspense, the bloodlust in the book was understandingly low to accommodate its target audience, neglecting the other fraction of the readers that would very much enjoy it and bring styles, another thing missing, into the Hunger Games.

  

--- 22. Touch of Power (Healer, #1) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2011-12-30

Before reading this review, please remember that this is my opinions on Touch of Power by Maria V. Snyder, and I appreciate any comment or different reviews on it. This, however, is what I think. Being a healer had always been a respectable duty and owned a useful gift, until a serious plague haunted the lives of many people in Fifteen Realms. Healers were accused of starting the plague and faced genocide by leaders, the only one remaining was young Avry. Despite her efforts and three years of escaping, she was captured and prepared for execution. The night before her death arrived and Avry found herself saved by five men, who claimed to be on a mission to bring Avry to the sick, infamous Prince Ryne to heal him. Avry was reluctant, having encountered Ryne before and knew his nuferous behaviors, moreover, healers would die after healing those sickened from the plague. For healers, after touching the sickeded, the illness would be transferred to themselves, but would not heal as fast as they usually do. Instead, healers would take a longer time to die.In a dilemma, Avry must choose between freedom and sacrifice, with the company of her five saviors. Basically, this is a roadtrip story, for those of you who do not want to stand another one, you must not read this. This is like a longer version of The Iron King with more turns and less exitements and romance. When you are reading The Iron King, every moment was exhilerating and fast, never once were you bored as there was always surprises or difficulties coming up. In Touch of Power, we do not get that, in return we get more logic and strategies of everything the characters said or do and a stronger plot, as The Iron Fey series can be easily shortened to two books max because there is not much of a plot and too much action. Both books is about the respective heroine went on a journey, fell for the guy leading the trip, arrived at the destination or achieve what they should do. Although there are more turns in the book, most of them are unneccessary and dragged it. Let's take a movie for example, in Mission Impossible 4, Ethan Hunt and his team might surely encountered problems or unexpected visitors in their journey, would the movie show it? No. If they had shown it, the movie would have been five hours long and all the audience would be asleep by the time it ends in spite of its many action sequences. There were quite a lot of turns in the movie too, and they flew fluently and were quite complete. COMPLETE. Exactly what this book needed. As I previously said, there were a lot of twists and turns, but most of them were left with very high potential of continuation. Example. The battle with Jael. I was so sure that she would make an appearance later in the book, but she did not, when it could have been so exciting. I guess Snyder wanted to save the opportunity for the next book, if so, then please do not add any new plotlines into it, Snyder, you have a lot to wrap up already. Good thing was that Avry was extraordinarily smart and careful. Strategically-wise, she was a lot mature than any other character in Touch of Power, even those especially those went to a special academy for this specific type of knowledge. Avry was quick in organising her thoughts to know exactly what the enemies were planning and what she could do to outsmart them, beautiful, skilled in knive-throwing, she was emotional and compassionate, but the most able to make stone-cold orders and follow them without a second thought. In her twenty years of living, she sure had seen enough stunts to train up her super-soldier quality. Though there was something obviously wrong with her perfection, her company still did not bat an eyelid at her clearly too-bright mind and top-notch strategies. What? She was a girl, twenty-year-old, had been pretending and escaping for the last three years, knew nothing about the chaotic society and wars, but was a genius in anything military. Sure, these kind of girls are so easy to find in a jail waiting for prosecution. I am not sure if the romance described is a love-triangle, I do not know until the end that the girl could feel anything for a cute guy in any ways! (Another pro for Team Avry, she was not easily swooned.) Avry was supposed to be in love with Kerrick, one of the men saved her from jail, but they did not show any affection, physically or mentally, up till pg 320, just before acknowlegements. Even more, Kerrick started to make affectionate motions towards her first (almost unheard of in YA novels). Seriously, I thought Avry did not acknowlegde her feeling at all, but was swayed by Kerrick's passion or something like that. So. LOVE TRIANGLE. The 'the other guy' is the rival, Tohon, a life magician who had the power to control emotions, also the only guy in the book that could predict Avry's strategies, which was so impossible that I believe he should win the ultimate battle. I mean he was THAT smart! In a point of the novel, a supporting character was explaining the rank of the eleven remaining magicians. He said that Tohon was the strongest, if the next strongest few magicians rose up to fight him, he would very likely lose. Since he was THAT smart, I know he would not. He would win, just by thinking, why bother to rebel against him? It would make a much more reasonable ending if he could put together the Fifteen Realms, though it did not mean he was not a sociopath. He reminded me of two people, one an actual person and another one a book character. The actual person of Qin Shi Huang in China who put the many districts together to the China we had now. He was also kind of evil, given how he treated books and scholars, but he was so smart you have to ive it to him. The book character is Walter from Shatter Me, a general leading a powerful and big team, very handsome and was in love with Juliette (heroine from Shatter Me) in a sick way because he was convinced that he and she together could be the most powerful. When Juliette was making out with him, she felt an electricity jolt running through her body that made her harder and harder to stop, much like the plot we have here. The difference between the two persons and Tohon was that I do not know the back story of him, I do not feel connected to him, a flat character instead of a three-dimensional character that some side-characters were. If he had been better written and had more personality and heart to his character, I may root for him in the love-triangle. 2 lilies out of five. I note that there would be a sequel to the book, before reading the book I thought it would not be Avry's story again, and my opinion remains unchanged after reading it, and I was wrong, though I hope if there is a sequel, Zila, the young healer mentioned in the end would be the main character.

  

--- 23. Shifting (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2011-12-09

Before reading this review, please remember that this is my opinion on Shifting, and I respect any different review, this, however, is how I feel. Maggie had been going through ten different high schools being the new girl that stayed with foster families and had a list of criminal records saying how slutty she was. What rumors did not tell her mates wsa that she was a shapeshifter, propelled to change every full moon into animals she could not cotrol. With her environment changing again, her high school life seemed to be coming to a relatively peaceful ending when the golden boy of the school, Bridger took an interest in her. But all illusions started to unravel just as they built up, as the attack she received turned out to be more than robberies, but the sworn enemy of her kind targeted on her as their new bullseye. It was fun to see Maggie having friends for the first time of her life, and learning about her abilities the more the story progressed, just like reading every other paranormal fiction. The only difference was that the love interest, who was heavily into unrequited love and denying his feelings, seemed to be quite a decent guy, though he made up some crappy excuses about his family forbidding them to go out when he could have took the alternative and be a brooding jerk, aka Edward Cullen. Despite how fun it was to see Maggie coping with the aftermath of the attacks she received and trying to come through with difficulties encountered when shifting, Shifting spent the majority of pages about her and Bridger hanging out with his sister with both of them pining over each other. We all know that it was coming, but you don't have to spend 300 pages telling us that, do you? Shifting could have easily been a great book if it did not completely ignored the theme, that the girl had an uncanny ability, and if it could bring something out of her background. Maggie stayed in dozens of foster families, and yet when she found one that understood her and took her under her shelter like a real one, we don't even get a conclusion of her peace. It was cheesy, still is was better than not knowing who the foster family is. Although her legal guardian appeared in quite a lot of pages, she was a supporting character we never get to know. 2 snakes out of 5, it was absolutely nonsense knowing that she could not change into a horse because of its size, when she could quite easily change into a cheetah, which, presumably, is almost as large as a horse.

  

--- 24. Brightest Kind of Darkness (Brightest Kind of Darkness, #1) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2011-12-05

It is Final Destinations meets Forgotten (Cat Patrick), only makes less sense and written for young-adults as the former, and supernatural-fied and less cohesive as the latter. The best part of Forgotten is how London needed to remember the boy daily and had a normal relationship with him. If it is supernatural-fied, it would be over-the-top and become just another fantasy YA novel the we see dozens of in every book store. Now, the Final Destinations series does not make ANY sense, not just the forth on, but every single one it makes up some new law of physics for death to play with. The most redeeming quality of it is the stealthiness and goriness of each death trap. If it makes less sense and inteneded for young-adults, it would mean defying gravity and every other law in all the science catagories, less bloody, less detailed, less fascinating.

  

--- 25. Beautiful Disaster (Beautiful, #1) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2011-11-24

Before reading this review, please remember that this is my opinion on Beautiful Disaster by Jamie McGuire, and I respect any different reviews on this. This, however, is what I think. Abby thought friendship was all she was going to get with bad boy Travis when she met him in a fighting arena. Though Travis expressed interest in bedding her (like he did with every other girl in the campus), Abby knew there should be nothing romantic that sabotages their friendship, but that was getting increasingly difficult when she was obviously attracted to him. When a bet went wrong, Abby was forced to stay in Travis' house for a month, which included sleeping in his bed with him and enduring him if he brought random drunk girls back for sex. The line between love and friendship became blur for them, and when sex intervened, their relationship spinned out of control. Beautiful Disaster illustrated a rocky relationship and was fast paced. Abby was sweet and considerate, and she had every reason to fall in love with the charming Travis. However charismatic Travis was in the first half of the book, when they did nbecome a couple, he became Edward-- super possessive. At one point I honestly thought he was going to climb through Abby's window pane to see her, since he was already stalking her, why didn't you do it too? He kept begging and chasing Abby for forgiveness when he did the wrong thing, and went insane when he saw Abby with another guy when she had every right to do that. What the heck was wrong with him? Give the girl some space, Cullen. 2 butterflies out of 5, I enjoyed reading this bumpy relationship, and the characters' burden was so interesting and added many drama to the rich storyline, but I simply cannot find peace with the whole 'stalker-hot-boyfriend' thing.

  

--- 26. Shatter Me (Shatter Me, #1) (★★★☆☆) ---

Rated 3/5 on 2011-11-23

Before reading this review, please remember that thisis my review of Shatter Me by Tahereh Mafi, and I respect any different opinions, this however, is how I feel... Juliette had not touched one other human being in more than 250 days, since even seeing another one was difficult when she was locked in cell, let alone having any contact with them. One day, she was greeted by a very handsome guy who claimed to be her new cellmate, and started to treat her like dirt and ignored her. Although her cellmate, Adam, had looks from a statue, Juliette's deep and sad past propelled her from trusting him, despite his improving behavior. Then suddenly, she and Adam were rescued from the cell and brought back to meet the leader of the Reestablishment, a revolution starter, Warner. Warner knew Juliette's secret, and believed that she was the best weapon to defy the society, hence the rescue. Juliette knew Warner only wanted to use her for the worst intentions, and there went her escape again. And Juliette's secret was her super power that helped her to suck thge power of the person she touches, creating torment and endless agony for her victims. Nonetheless, secrets only mean more sacrifises, Juliette was not the only one with secrets, as Adam also hid things, terrible history and background, from her and the world. I absolutely adore the discription in Shatter Me, brought out by Tahereh Mafi's excellent writing. Juliette was very observant in everything the world outside the cell and wsa fasinated by even the slightest matters like air quality, so she described the environment with colorful expressions and the most exhilirating time she had had in her life. The world sounded new and beautiful under Tahereh Mafi's extraordinary writing and so completely utopian. I cannot wait to read more delicate proses from her and her writing is one of the main reason I am tempted to read her other works. Juliette was a very lonely girl, a psycho even and I was mildly unconvinced that Juliette was not insane. Given her living condition and her haunting past were so poor and full of sadness, it was almost impossible for her to not go insane or mad in some level. Although I was expecting something like Angelina Jolie's in'Changeling''s 'Where is my son?' moment from Juliette, the emotional shift from disconnecting with everyone, even Adam, to accept her ability, acknowledge the beauty of it and find her place in pseudo-'Xavier's School For Gifted Youngsters', all of which were prompted by Adam's immunity to her touch. She grew from being that scared, self-hating, isolated teenager to an independent warrior, using a kick-ass gift she finally learned to embrace. And I also like the fact that she did not know how she looked like, as ya novels' female protagonists were usually hyper-aware of their appearance and made constant remark on how ugly they were when they were so pretty, this book avoided that, but still managed let us know that she was drop-dead gorgeous, and gave us a break from the normal female MC we hate so much. Despite the fact that Juliette attracted almost every guy that popped in in Shatter me, I find that a bit inappropriate and awkward. I mean, Warner and Adam, okay, typical love-triangle, but Kenji? Maybe Kenji was just fooling around, but just when I thought that, Brendon was introduced. Does that make it a love-pentagon? Why don't you throw in James, Adam's kid brother in as well? As much as I love other characters as well, I don't feel connected to many of them, for me they were simply (and literally) the supporting characters of the book that were set there to help Juliette. Juliette was the rightful protagonist, strong, really smart, and base on her feelings and proses, a bit quirky, but likeable, but it would be wonderful to feel some kind of an emtional attachment to the other characters, especially Warner, who had some daddy issues and had high potential and one of the most intrigueing characters in here. Perhaps it was just me, an X-Men movies fan who watched the first movie at least 4 times, Shatter Me came across as ended too soon. In the first X-Men movie, in which Anna Paquin portrayed the female protagonist Anna Marie, aka Rogue, the part where she enrolled into the X-Mansion only took less than half of the movie time, the rest of it was about her being abducted and saved by Wolverine. Rogue had the ability to suck people's power, very much alike to Juliette. This book was too similar to X-Men for me, and while they centred on different things, Juliette's encounters just reminded me too much of Rogue and Wolverine's roadtrip. And Shatter Me ended way too soon and felt incomplete like some part of the book was torn away. 2.5 dresses out of 5, I am very looking forward to the other books in the series, and I hope there could be a genuine ending for the latter books.

  

--- 27. The Scorpio Races (★★★☆☆) ---

Rated 3/5 on 2011-11-03

Before reading this review, please remember that this is my opinion on The Scorpio Races, and I respect any different reviews. This, however, is what I think... Kate 'Puck' Connolly was an orphan living in a town best known for its annual game of Scorpio Races, where men riding on dangerous, blood-craving water horses to compete along the beach. Puck's older brother decided to move to the Mainland with his friends, living Puck and her younger brother, Finn alone with no help and nothing except for heavy debts. To stop him from leaving, Puck announced to participate in the Scorpio Races with her ordinary pony horse Dove, hoping that the month of practicing will bring her spare time to live with her brothers and prize big enough to pay her debts. Sean Kendrick was the reigning champion of 4 Scorpio Races at the young age of 19. He worked for Mr. Malvern, the richest merchant in town, to take care of his water horses as he was crowned as the 'Horse Whisperer', given his outstanding and rare talent in horse-taming. After years of training with one of Mr. Malvern's water horses, he built a strong relationship with Corr, hence deciding to buy it as his own from Malvern. Mr. Malvern made a deal with him, that if he paid him and won the coming Scorpio Races, he would give it to him. Same goal, different motives, same competition, different persons. The writing was truly beautiful and the creation of that town is just... magical. The landscape was described to be so vivid and haunted that I automatically built the place in my head when I was reading. Though dangerous and barbaric the town people may seem, it was a world that I really wanted to see with my own eyes and visit it. While the writing was amazing, the pacing dragged most of the time. The Scorpio Races only lasted for a short period of time, as it was a race of speed and strength, but I expected more actions and descriptions of the gorgeous water horses' movement. As the race was deemed to be dangerous and the jockeys were vindictive in the early course of the book, I expected some gory, scary traps in the Race or murderous tricks they manipulated to win. The romance... That was a good question, was there any romance in The Scorpio Races? Should there be any? Why was there romance at all??? Hate to admit that it would be too dry if this YA does not contain any romance. However, like The Hunger Games, I don't think the romance was needed, solely written because teen girls have to have a little taste of romance. Do you notice how many conversations between Puck and Sean were from Dean's POV? Do you note how Sean never said thing vague things to confuse to make her fall more in love with him? Do you understand anything he said? No, no, and hell no. My conclusion: did Stiefvater know what she's doing when writing those heavy dialogues? Just like Puck, I felt like I've just learned some really deep, useful knowledge, but I never got that 'click'. I think that's because I have not encountered any games or race similar to Scorpio Race in any way, so I did not get deep philosophy Sean said, but then almost all of the readers are like me, don't have that kind of challenge and experience. If Sean had explained more (or even tried to explain) and this book contained more internal monologue by Puck that digests his philosophy, I would have enjoyed and admired the Scorpio Races. You certainly do love your brothers, Puck. Who on earth with a right mind would participate in a DOA for water horses with a pony horse? I get that you needed money, I get that you want to keep your brother, but you were joining a suicidal mission when there's a rope right there in the corner for you to save yourself. I do not comprehend your motives when you first declare your participation in the race. For me, you were just too angry at the moment that everything you think about was blurt out loud. After your meeting with our villain and Sean Kendrick, I understood a bit more, but I still didn't go with you on that, Puck. I am not a sexist, though sometimes you really have to listen to the law of nature. You and Sean have something in common--both of you were in love when neither thought about that. Only a few thoughts by you guys were dedicated to your admiration. I am totally convinced that you care very much for Finn and Gabe, but Sean? I saw affection, not love. 3 water horses out of 5. The Scorpio Races is a book about growing up and scarifying things for the better, bigger ones. An emotionally rich and deep book, I didn't realize how agitated I was with the result of the race until I finished reading the book and how badly did I wanted a rematch. I love the fact that the book ended with Sean and Corr's big moment, and I just LOVE the name Sean Kendrick.

  

--- 28. The Kite Runner (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2011-10-29

Before reading this review, please remember that this is my opinions on The Kite Runner, and I respect any different (positive) comment. This, however, is what I think... I'll be honest here, I didn't read this book, I skimmed it. Why? I am quite ashamed to do that, but the reason I have to finish this is to prove that I can read a book, cover to cover, to my parents. So I skimmed it. I can finish a book. Correction, I can finish a book that is not excruciatingly boring and uses paper and ink to make you cry. Okay, maybe it's my fault that I can't handle a boring book, but then again, it is my choice, it is my review, and I have read (really read) much slow-paced book without abandoning the hope. Since I read The Kite Runner a while back, I could not remember their names. Once upon a time there was this boy and his servant, who was his friend-playmate-scapegoat-life-saver (see how beautiful their friendship was, huh). After one unfortunate event, the boy moved from Afganistan to America with his wealthy family, leaving his 'friend' behind. Years later, when he was an adult, he returned to his hometown in hopes of finding his 'friend', but discovered something else. Something cynical. Bawawawa. Huh, in your dreams, reader. Nothing in this book was cynical, I wrote that just to spice up this review, as I was slowly falling asleep writing those lines. To be fair, I skimmed this book, so maybe the writing was good I just did not realize that. And the idea was very eye-widening, talk about racism, class difference, so-called friendship from the boy and real devotion from his 'friend'. 1.5 chicken wings out of 5. I was going to read it again before writing this, but after looking at the cover for 10 seconds, I almost fell asleep again. When I snapped out of it, I realize how much I do not want to go through The Kite Runner again.

  

--- 29. Dearly, Departed (Gone With the Respiration, #1) (★★★☆☆) ---

Rated 3/5 on 2011-10-29

Before reading this review, please remember that this is my opinion on Dearly, Departed by Lia Habel, and I respect any different (positive) comments. This, however, is what I think. Set in a high-tech future,Nora was saved by zombies that worked with her father and brought to their secrett military base. Turned out her 'dead' father was not dead, but was secretly working with justice and safe zombies that would not just accidentally eat your head off. His father was missing by the time Nora got to their base. When there was light, there was also bound to be darkness. The emotionless zombies were increasing in size and planned to turn everyone, if not meat-grinded, to zombies. Nora was a very smart girl, at least not as stupid or love-blinded like the other female protagonist were. She was strategic and listened to worthy advice from the professionals. More importantly, despite the fact that she agreed she found Bram physically attractive, but she understood that he was dangerous and might devour her as snack, so there is not such thing as an 'INSTA-LOVE'! Hurray! The pacing in the latter part of the book was quite fast, Habel did not waste any time in letting Nora settle in her environment. Nora's apparent change while adapting was astonishing and clear, the readers felt for her estranged situation. I enjoy the fact that Habel devoted 30% of the book to the climax, which was rare and very worth anticipating. Why the 3 stars then? Something in this book really annoyed me. I am not the biggest fan for multiple POVs, 2? alright. I'll read it. I hope you don't waste it. degrading. Yes, Habel, that's what you did? Why? When you most certainly didn't need them? I'd rather read Bram's POV through out the entire book as his discription had the most fun and connection to readers, but for the others (except Nora's) were completely redundant and dragged the book more than it should. As I was saying, the pacing in the latter part was fast, but that in the former part was another story. Prior to meeting Bram, Nora's story have been sad and slow. Get to the point! I don't have to know about her miserable life after her father died when something really good would happen later! Dear readers, if you are planning on reading this book, don't give up on it if you find the first 50 pages of the book too slow and bore the hell out of you. 3 zombies out of five. When I was reading to the middle part of the book, Bram said something to Nora that made me realize how sick Edward Cullen was. Thank you very much, Bram. The fact that Edward Cullen was a blood sucking monster did not bother me as much before reading Dearly, Departed. You made me see the light.

  

--- 30. Paranormalcy (Paranormalcy, #1) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2011-10-26

Before reading this review, please remember that failed to finish reading this book (hence the rating), but I respect any different (positive) opinions on Paranormalcy. This, however, is how I feel. I still don't know what this book is about, so I'm guessing this book focused on some cliche young love between that shape-shifter and the main character. See how fast I dropped this book? I'm really sorry, I know there are plenty of positive opinions on it, but from the first page I hated it. I know it was going to be too 'hip' or trying to be for me, since a 16-year-old girly girl was ordered to kill vampires on her own and she named her taser Tasey. Now, I do believe that this book had many reasonable advantages that make it a best seller. However, I just cannot stand a girl, supposedly a teen, but talked like an adult, killed supernatural creatures like better than an adult, yet dealt with relationships like a preteen. I don't think it would be fair for me to rate because I can only consider so many categories when rating, but then again, I have to warn people about this overrated novel. 1 taser out of 5. Don't ever try to be smart and name your taser.

  

--- 31. Born at Midnight (Shadow Falls, #1) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2011-10-25

Before reading this review, plese remember that this is my opinion of Born at Midnight, and I respect any different (positive) comments. This, however, is what I think. The commonest types of supernatural creatures were the characters' identity in this novel. Kylie, though, had no idea that she was special and that her nature was still an unknown. In Shadow Falls camp, she was told that she was not a human, so what was she then? That was questionable and the most intriguing fact of the book, as she possessed the ability of several creatures. Kylie met new friends and mentors, and succeeded in grabbing two boys' attention, one of them a werewolf, the other a fairy. Kylie, you are one plain girl. Plain was the most positive word to describe you, as you have no character whatsoever, you changed your mind all the time, you did (or did not) know what is best for you and made the worst choices. You were one typical teenager, but not one bit likable. Well, at least you are not annoying, so that only make you teeny bit better than Nora from Hush, Hush. Let's be fair here, since this book was obviously a copycat of popular YA novels, it was already a relieve that the female character wsa better than some others. That was not a compliment though. Speaking of ripping off from YA novels, the more I think about it, the more I realize Kylie's characteristics and personalities matching those of Luce from Fallen... Even the location was somewhat similar, a gathering for supernatural teens disguised as a camp for troubled kids opposed to Fallen's reform school (yeah, right, reform school) for juvenile delinquent; Dalla versus Arianna, the quirkie and fun roomate; Lucas and Derek versus Daniel and Cam, the quiet, brooding boy and the caring, kind boy fighting for one girl for no apparent reason... The list goes on and on, but you get the point, so stay away from Born at Midnight. The pacing was tedious and it threw the information to readers through the most boring and conventional way: conversations. I don't recommend, or like getting information through dialogue. If I wanted information, I would have googled it, looked for it in a book, listened to the radio... A million ways to give us information and you chose to get them out with people's talking. If Hunter's writing had been better, I may have not minded it as much as I do now, but she was not gifted in writing, so this really was a slow torture. Don't even get me started with the love triangle. Lucas, what were you doing? I wish I could find some brooding vampire from another YA novel that hated werewolves to cut your brain out. You don't need one anyway, do you? To hell with it, you've already written this book based on one popular (bad) novels, Hunter, why don't you make that happen in Awake at Dawn? 1.5 werewolves out of 5. That 1.5 was given for Dalla, sweetheart, you were amazing.

  

--- 32. Angel Fire (Angel, #2) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2011-10-24

Before reading this review, please remember that this is my opinions on Angel Fire, I respect any different(positive) comments on this book. This, however, is what I think. After reading countless dystopian novels, I am GLAD to say that we are back on paranormal romance young-adult novels! How sick is that? Immediately following up the event left off in Angel Burn, Angel Fire was written from 4 characters' POVs, and our heroin Willow was the first-person narrator of this book. Willow and her angel killer (AK, kind of sounded like a dirty prostitute's horrible stage name if you ask me) boyfriend Alex was on the run from the Church of Angels whilst struggling with training of new AKs to face the horrible natured angels, villain of the trilogy, they worked like vampires and sucked your life feud as snacks. Willow was the only half-angel known to anyone, a miracle, and according to a dead angel's don't-know-if-it's-true prophecy, she was supposed to be the one to destroy the dangerous, alluring, wicked angels once and for all. Since they failed last time, they had to wait for a new chance to save humanity. Meanwhile, Willow was haunted by visions of a handsome young man, Seb, who might just bring her and Alex tension they already had too much handle. I really enjoyed reading this as much as I did when reading Angel Burn, but as I typed out its plot, I find more and more inexplicable loopholes in the plot and the characters' actions. 4 POVs, really? That was not the worst I've seen, but what good did it do to your book if you only used one of them for three times at most? NO! It was annoying and dull and stupid. Why would I need to get into the head of so many people when most of them only dragged this book for at least one tenth of it? Angel Fire was 700 pages long, so even if I scanned that part it would take me some precious time. It still bugged me why Weatherly had to wrote that, that was only another mystery that was added into the long list of unsolved problems in this book. The number of unsolved problems was just as much as that of disappointments, which is saying A LOT. Weatherly threw questions out and answered them herself after 10 pages. What happened to suspense? For the questions she did not solved, she left it for the next book. Good, because I don't think I will want to know now that you made it impossible to not get frustrated after reading this. In fact, I'll just sit back in my chair and wait for you to declaim that Angel Trilogy will be extended to a saga or a spin-off about Seb finding his true love. It's only a matter of time, isn't it? As predictable this book was, the plot was, indeed, very cohesive. One incident really linked to another one, even the smallest actions could be something big that we had not realized. If the story could have more twist and surprises, especially between Alex and Willow's romance, this book would have been eye-opening. I wish I could say that we should wait and read the next book and see if she has any improvement on that matter, but I couldn't. I'm afraid that Angel Trilogy was running out of drama and stong plotlines for another similar book. Unless Angel Fever involves something amazing that we did not expect, it would only be going through the motions. 2.5 wings out of 5, I wish Willow could make sense for the first time about her love life that Seb was the right one, not Alex.

  

--- 33. Eve (Eve, #1) (★☆☆☆☆) ---

Rated 1/5 on 2011-10-24

Before reading this review, please remember that this is my opinion on Eve by Anne Carey, and I respect any different review. If you, in any case, do enjoy this book, you may not like this. This book is set in a near future. 30 years from now, a deadly plague seized the life of 99% of the world population. Teen girls where schooled into believing that after 12 years of education, they would graduate and join the society as professional and well-educated women. Eve, our sweet protagonist, was the best of these girls, but when she discovered that she was fed with lies her entire life, that women were to sent to bear children for men and nothing else, she escaped from her school into the wild. She met Caleb, her love interest, who helped her with her new life as a revolutionary. "Eve has proven one of the best and brightest students we've seen at School. So beautiful, so smart, so obedient." Yeah, you forgot to mention how weak and flat she was. Eve reminded me of Sasha from The Mephisto Covenent, only Sasha was better for she was actually capable of 'negative' feelings. She was more 'Anabo' than Sasha and about ten times more dull than that freaking damsel in distress in that horrible book. At one point of the book Eve was deemed by the only somewhat 'likable' character as 'book-smart', which was the truest statement in these long 300 pages. The pacing was slow and filtrated with some completely redundant sub-plots. I don't care how she was sexually assaulted when it only made me dislike her more if that's possible. I don't care how she was afraid to swim when it only drag this book longer than it should. I don't care how she made a friend that died after 12 hours when she was so annoying and stupid. I still don't understand why her friend got sick when she recovered within 5 days. Thanks to the Hunger Games, I read a lot of dystopian novels these past months, so the plot was unoriginal and slow to me. Carey could have use her fear for men more as it had so much potential and could complicate the book. I am so sick of bad dystopian novels getting published just becuase it was on the tip of everyone's tongue. Sadly, this is not the end of the gush of torturing trilogies. 1 vaccines out of 5. Nothing about this book grabbed my attention. I'm quite surprised by my patience.

  

--- 34. The Pledge (The Pledge, #1) (★★☆☆☆) ---

Rated 2/5 on 2011-10-23

Before reading this review, please remember that this is MY opinion on The Pledge, and I respect every different (positive) views on this book. However, this is what I think. Kimberly Derting, author of The Body Finder series, a series I adore so much, wrote this dystopian novel. For what? Kimberly? For what? You were so good writing sappy romance and young love, this is so not what you should do just to catch up with the tidal wave of dystopian novels. I cannot connect with the girl. What's her name... Oh yes, Charlie. See, I even have trouble remembering her name. That girl has zero thoughts on everything, I honestly wondered if chapters that were viewed from another character have any POV at all. Usually, unless sited at the start of the chapter, that chapter was first person narrated by our protagonist, Charlie, but it was like she did not have to think or feel any emotion. At one point she met the love interest, or at least ONE of the love INTERESTS, I didn't know who the real love interest is until the end of the book. Back to the point, when she met Max, she thought that he was good-looking, but she did not have any emotion or urges, just plain opinions of his physical appearance. So I was pretty surprised when they started a romantic relationship, also the fact that she was not a lesbian. Sorry, but if she added more descriptions on how attractive her female best friend was, I would have jumped to that conclusion. Charlie was extremely obtuse in noticing things. There was, at least, five times when she had this thought: How could I had not notice this before... First time I saw this, I thought she was a very poor girl, kept from every secret. Second time I saw this, I thought she really had to stop being so self-centred. Third time I saw this, I laughed out loud, amused by her slowness. Fourth time I saw this, I was surprised she did not notice that she had this major flaw, but then again, she was oblivious to many things. Fifth time I saw this, I could not believe she did not understand her obvious fault. Why was Max in love with her? Wait. Wrong question, because that would mean Max was in love with her, which he obviously was not. Was he? The points of views. Kimberly, why? I understand why you wrote POV for the antagonist, but Max and Xander? What could that do for you, especially when Xander's POV only appear twice really short term? The gimmick you brought in those short chapters only lead to endless disappointments and your lovely books thrown across the room. Different languages represented classes? Good touch. But that could bring out a lot more confusion and implications on the social issues we face now than the book offered. I wish Derting can use the outstanding premise of the book better in the next novel, plus it could make Charlie less one dimensional and more special. The pacing was quite nice and the premise was very promising. If the characters had not been so unrelatable and utter idiots, I may have actually not hated this. After all, the bar for dystopian novels are low after the release of hundreds of similar books.